Did you miss Friday's newsletter? Click below to get caught up, and don't forget to share it with others interested in what is going on in Washington.
I'm about to join Martha Maccallum on FOX News' America Newsroom at 10:40 am (ET) 8:40 am (MT) to talk about CPAC.
Op-Ed: The Institute for Energy Research (IER) recently released a study showing that expanding our domestic energy could create millions of jobs and increase revenue to help reduce our federal debt.  This expansion in domestic energy should include the opening of federal lands to production.  It is necessary that a successful national energy policy be shaped like a financial portfolio made up of many different energy sources.  The potential contained in American domestic energy production must not be overlooked or stifled with over-burdensome regulations.
Going to be on The Wells Report this evening, listen in if you can:
Senate and House budgets compared
Going to be on the Joe Pags Show on KPRC at 7:30 am CT, listen in if you can:
DOJ gets award for "worst open government performance" of 2012
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will be on CNN with Wolf Blitzer shortly to discuss the budget.
Great to have the opportunity to chat with Sean Hannity. Look for it tonight on Fox News at 8 PM CT.
Forbes: Want to get Americans back to work? Repeal Obamacare.
Whether you agree or disagree with a certain position of mine or comment I make, I do appreciate you “liking” my page and following my efforts to serve the people of Wyoming.  Certainly not everything is about politics though.  A while back I took time to write down some advice that I want to give my grandchildren when they are old enough to understand. I thought it might be nice to share bits and pieces of it with you every once in a while.  Grandfatherly tip #1- Be proud of your reputation.  That’s really all you have that is truly yours.
NA
March 17-23 is National Ag Week! "Like" and "Share" to show your support for the farmers and ranchers across the country whose knowledge, hard work, and dedication meet the growing need for food, feed, fuel, and fiber.
“I believe that the best way to interrupt the shooter is to have a mental health system that actually records and enters into the database people who should not be able to buy a gun,” Graham said.  He made his remark while voting against a bill passed by the committee to ban assault weapons and high-capacity gun magazines.
ICE director faces frosty reception next week on Capitol Hill - The Hill
Grassley seeks to freeze elimination of F-16s at Des Moines Air Guard unit
Grassley bill targets “high ability” students in education planning
AGRIBUSINESS: Grassley Concerned With Furlough
AGRIBUSINESS: Grassley Specific On Ag Cuts
DC probes NYU loan arrangers
You can read my letter to U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs regarding the more than 10,000 Nevada veterans facing claim backlog here: http://1.usa.gov/XUT5Z6
NA
For months, I have been calling for President Obama and his Administration to hold President Morsi accountable for failing to promote promised democracy in Egypt and for the instability in the region. After several attempts to engage the Administration to halt our F-16 delivery, I introduced legislation in January to suspend the shipment of these top-of-the-line military aircrafts and other military equipment to Egypt.  I have now presented this as an amendment to the Senate’s Continuing Resolution, and am also supporting my colleague Sen. Rand Paul’s similar amendment to conditionally withhold all foreign aid funding to Egypt. We both agree that any support to Egypt must be reconsidered until President Morsi agrees to abide by the Camp David Peace Accords, which has kept the peace between Egypt and Israel for more than 30 years. http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=6ebedb35-0c1d-67a5-e013-4c8691d67bfd&Region_id=&Issue_id=
Glad to see the Senate unanimously adopt my amendment to the Senate Continuing Resolution that will delay the EPA from enforcing the onerous SPCC rule against farmers. The SPCC rule forces farmers to comply with oil spill regulations that were designed for refineries. Instead, the rule will bog down farmers with volumes of paperwork and excessive new expenses for new storage equipment. My amendment will protect farmers from the EPA's rule for an additional four months, and, in the mean time, I'll be working hard to gain support of my bill, S.496, to permanently exempt farmers. http://www.oklahomafarmreport.com/wire/news/2013/03/06053_InhofeResolution03152013_174153.php?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter#.UUdgo1t377V
NA
NA
“This legislation addresses the concerns of constituents who have contacted my office to express concern about the American Community Survey,” Sen. McConnell said. “Their primary concern is over the level of personal information that the survey collects and that they face actual criminal sanction if they prefer not to respond. This legislation will make the survey voluntary and will give Kentuckians more freedom as to what information they share while completing it.”
Our men and women in uniform put their blood, sweat and tears into defending American ideals, freedoms and protections at home and abroad and they deserve some defenses of their own. That’s why I joined my colleague from across the aisle to introduce the Military Sexual Assault Prevention Act of 2013 and prevent sexual offenders from serving in the military, improve tracking and review of sexual assault claims in the military & help ensure victims can get the justice they deserve.
More on the Air Force's decision to proceed with the Light Air Support contract despite a protest and a stop work order.
Did you know if you stacked all the ObamaCare regulations together, it would stand 7 feet 3 inches tall! That’s taller than the average male, and LeBron James. If you “dislike” ObamaCare, like and share this post!
ICYMI: Rubio: ‘No Tax In The World Will Cure Debt’
READ: Shelby says Senate bill would give 'some flexibility' to DOD in sequestration: http://blog.al.com/breaking//print.html?entry=/2013/03/sen_richard_shelby_says_senate.html
Senator Shelby held his 1,800th town hall meeting today in Florence, Alabama.  He has been visiting each of Alabama's 67 counties every year since his election to the U.S. Senate.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YFxlJngKsk
Sen. Sessions comments on the President's choice to head the Department of Labor:  “By nominating Mr. Perez to this important post, the President has placed his drive to promote his flawed immigration policies over the needs of the millions of unemployed Americans.”
In case you missed it: I was On the Record with Greta Van Susteren on Friday!  Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AC_n7yOWsY
Great to meet Ms. Sandee Hensley, Todd McClinton, and some of the kids from Jubilee Academy in Columbia
My Johnstown regional manager John Frick presents Linda Shearer with a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol in recognition of her work with the Connellsville Area Senior High School Patriots. Linda has done truly inspiring work on behalf of our service members and the heroes of 9/11. Behind them is a piece of steel from the World Trade Center.
I'll be at VFW Post 928 in Delaware County this afternoon with Congressman Patrick Meehan and Pennsylvania veterans. Join us and wear your service cap. Recognizing all who serve is important, but the new drone medal shouldn't jump those awarded for valor.
With steel salvaged from the Twin Towers forged into her bow, the USS Somerset honors 9/11's heroes. Sen. Bob Casey and I urge the Navy to commission her in Philadelphia.
My Johnstown regional manager, John Frick, was on hand to thank the Connellsville Area Senior High School Patriots and their founder, Linda Shearer, for inspiring work on behalf of our service members. Their organization has mailed 7,000 packages to servicemen and women, hosted Veterans Day programs, sponsored 1,900 wreaths for veterans graves at the National Cemetery of the Alleghenies and raised funds for the Flight 93 Memorial at Shanksville.
NA
