NA
My interview with Steve Barnes for "Arkansas Week" airs tonight on AETN at 6:30 pm central. Please tune in to watch our discussion, much of which focuses on sequestration. (Photo courtesy of AETN)
Many of you have asked about sequestration on this page. Across-the-board cuts are bad policy. Read my  thoughts on this topic in our latest column.
I wrote in National Review Online today on how sequester scare tactics won't solve the problem. The President should work to replace it with responsible spending cuts.
Joined a bipartisan group of western Senators in introducing a bill to increase geothermal production on public lands.
Senators Collins and King tour Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and Bath Iron Works to discuss defense budget.
Chron: Texas Senators Want Less Protection for the Lesser Prairie Chicken:
Senator Corker met with business and community leaders at an event hosted by the Chattanooga Area Chamber of Commerce this morning. Corker discussed our country's number one economic and national security issue: getting our fiscal house in order.
William Barret Travis' "Victory or Death" letter returns to the Alamo and will be on display starting this Saturday, February 23rd, through March 7th. Will you go see it?
Welcome to Texas!
What better place for a Lincoln Day Dinner than a city named Independence?
Tomorrow I will be holding two more public “collecting common sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions. I plan to be in Pinedale at the Pinedale Library, 115 S Tyler Ave., from 9:00am – 10:00am.  I then plan to be in Jackson at the Senior Center, 830 E. Hansen Ave., from 2:00pm – 3:00pm. If you live in the area, I look forward to seeing you. Thank you to everyone in Riverton and Rock Springs for sharing your ideas and solutions with me today.
Congratulations to Kevin Atterberg (Lincoln) and Angie Shaw (Scottsbluff) for being selected as the 2013 Nebraska Farm Bureau and Nebraska Agriculture in the Classroom Teachers of the Year. Both Atterberg and Shaw found ways to bring awareness and understanding of agriculture to their classrooms, while meeting state educational standards. These two outstanding educators will represent our state well at the 2013 National Agriculture in the Classroom Conference.
It is always wonderful to be home in Nebraska! During this week's recess we had good visits and meetings in Lincoln, Hastings and Omaha. Stay safe during these winter storms.
will be speaking with The Huckabee Show about Senator Chuck Hagel's nomination to be Secretary of Defense and why we must maintain a strong national defense.  The show airs on Saturday and Sunday nights at 8 pm.
Enjoyed being interviewed on The Steele Report today.  Tune in at 10 am on March 3 to KWWL or http://t.co/Pq3VjMHLIb
Senators Push Trade Rep To Handle Russia Meat Ban
Grassley will vote against Hagel nomination as Defense Secretary
#UNIPanthers final score  uni 67/73 loss to creighton
#UNIPanthers women 37 creighton 43 half  Troy Dannen and Amy had a girl Ellie  he is great athletic director
Three days until the Senate reconvenes to vote on Hagel as the next Secretary of Defense. At a time when terrorism remains a real and growing threat, Congress must determine the right person to lead the DoD by reviewing the person’s fundamental view of America’s role in the world and the person’s assessment of the military required to support the role. From reviewing Hagel’s Senate record on the issue of terrorism, these characteristics come into question. In 2007, he voted against a resolution designating Iran’s Revolutionary Guards Corps – a group responsible for killing American soldiers in the Middle East – a terrorist organization. In 2006, he was one of 12 Senators who refused to petition the EU to identify Hezbollah as a terrorist group. In 2003, he failed to vote on the Syrian Accountability Act authorizing sanctions on Syria for its support of terrorism and occupation of Lebanon.  On Monday, the Senate will return to revisit Hagel’s nomination. I hope the extra time voted to review his record has provided the necessary means for Senators to make a very critical decision on the future of our military and national security.
Today, Kansans received good news from the Department of Homeland Security. They awarded the $40 million utility work contract for the construction of the Central Utilities Plant (CUP), an important step toward constructing the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF) on the Kansas State University campus. Without the capabilities NBAF provides, our country is at risk from foreign animal disease threats.
Even during a blizzard, there's no place like home.
I'm speaking with state and federal employees this afternoon and sequestration is issue #1.  There are smart ways and not so smart ways to cut a budget and sequestration is not smart.  Across the board cuts hurt our families.  We owe it to our public workers to be judicious about cuts and give them real answers about the possible furloughs that could be coming.
Talking to the United Fisherman of Alaska about the big issues facing our fisheries: Frankenfish, pirate fishing and fisheries stocks.  What do you think is the most important issue facing our wild salmon?
Wrote my weekly column on how Ohio is leading the way on bioscience innovation. Check it out here:
This list of Cincinnati’s finest foods has me craving Skyline Chili. What’s your favorite?
Today I introduced the Sequester Alternative Plan: The Sequester Without Layoffs  http://paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=716
"The sequester was President Obama's idea--- he signed it into law.  He needs to take responsibility for it and act responsibly."   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tAC9IofKp8
It is official: DHS has awarded a $40 million contract to start construction on the Central Utilities Plant for the NBAF on Kansas State University's campus in Manhattan. We are a major step closer to construction of the lab and better protection for our nation's plant and animal health.
Shelby: “A fair settlement would distribute the overwhelming majority of the fines directly to affected areas such as Mobile and Baldwin Counties through the Restore Act, as Senator Landrieu and I envisioned when writing the law.”  http://blog.al.com/wire/2013/02/coastal_alabama_roots_for_sett.html
Happy birthday PSU! Feb. 22, 1855: Pennsylvania Governor James Pollock signs the charter creating what is today The Pennsylvania State University.  "We are . . . "
