IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Yesterday, Sen. Alexander laid out Republicans’ step-by-step proposals to reduce health care costs and increase freedom and choices for Americans at a hearing today on the president’s nominee for U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services, Sylvia Mathews Burwell. Watch coverage of Sen. Alexander's comments at today's hearing below.  For more on today’s hearing and what Republicans would do about health care if they were in charge: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=257dba39-649f-4ad7-9062-ccf344b6794c 
Congratulations to New Hampshire's Alex Preston, who made it to the top 3 on American Idol! We're so proud of you and can't wait to welcome you home this weekend!
Enjoyed seeing so many Missourians who visited my office in Washington, D.C. this week. Thank you for coming by.
If you’re in the Springfield area, I’ll be live in-studio tonight on KSPR News and KOLR10 & Ozarks Local News. Tune in to watch.
Today is Military Spouse Appreciation Day – take a moment to thank the brave spouses who sacrifice so much, and learn more about ways you can help the families who support America’s men and women in uniform. 
In today’s USA Today, I wrote about how instead of making the environment better, the President’s extreme regulations will make the climate for unemployed Americans worse. In Wyoming, we’ve figured out how to balance a healthy environment with a healthy economy. It’s time for the Obama Administration to follow our lead. 
Hundreds of Hoosier doctors and health care professionals have been victimized this year by identity theft. The identities of Indiana medical professionals have been used to fraudulently obtain federal and state tax refunds. Today I led the Indiana congressional delegation in sending a letter to the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service asking for an investigation. 
Given her extensive legal experience and personal integrity, Congresswoman Brooks is a perfect choice for this important committee. The tragedy in Benghazi still has unanswered questions, and all Americans deserve to know the truth. This is an issue that transcends politics, and Susan’s Hoosier common-sense will be of great benefit to this committee.
The U.S. Forest Service and Department of Interior recently reported that the federal government is projected to spend more than $470 million above expected costs to fight wildfires this season.  I joined the entire Idaho delegation to offer legislation to change the way the federal government funds wildfire suppression to break the costly cycle of fire borrowing.  We can protect both firefighting and restoration efforts and provide more certainty for land planners and job creators alike in improving our public lands if this legislation is made law. 
Honored to join the Congressional Hispanic Leadership Institute yesterday:
Senator Corker is partnering with Google to help Tennessee small businesses. Representatives from Google will host a Tennessee Get Your Business Online event in Chattanooga on Monday, May 19.  “As a former mayor and businessman, I appreciate the role small businesses play in communities across Tennessee,” said Corker. “I am proud to partner with Google to host this event and hope local businesses will take advantage of this outstanding opportunity to kickstart and build their online presence.”  For more information, click here: http://goo.gl/6C39cB.
Even though the IRS hasn’t passed its proposed speech stifling rules yet, it’s still asking groups a laundry list of “questions” if they inform the public about issues. The IRS’s job is to collect taxes, not censor speech. #AbolishTheIRS
Americans are voting with their feet. Welcome to all the new Texans!
It should trouble everyone when the White House is so wantonly ignoring federal law and asking others to do the same:
Wow. Just in time for Mother’s Day, former Longhorn Kevin Durant wins the NBA’s MVP Award and then lets you know who the real MVP is:
If you want to know more about what I’m doing for you in the Senate, I’m making more information available with “The Enzi Insider” that I will be posting periodically on my web page under the news room tab.
The whole country knows something is wrong with our government. Here's what is wrong with the U.S. Senate and how to fix it.  Demand your senators be allowed to represent you.
This week I enjoyed the opportunity to discuss ongoing challenges facing the health care industry and the impact of federal regulations on their ability to deliver high quality care.
Here is Wayne’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Energy is one of Nevada’s greatest assets.   WATCH: http://bit.ly/1mK105c
It will take FEMA time to develop the new, lower rate tables required under the Flood Insurance Affordability Act, but in the meantime, the agency has taken a good step toward sparing homeowners and businesses the burden of the higher rates until they can complete implementation of the law.
NA
Joseph Kony and his LRA terrorist group continue to wreak havoc throughout Africa by kidnapping the nation's youth and forcing them kill their friends and family. We are getting closer to catching this monster and with the help of the administration and dedicated members in congress, we will soon bring Kony to justice: http://media.thehill.com/services/player/bcpid2764968420001?bctid=3544560204001&bckey=AQ~~,AAAAAEA-5AE~,7pYsU79IKz2CXW_BSQItHbG6JoyZCfQ5
Military spouses and families sacrifice as their loved ones volunteer to meet our national security needs. Please take a moment today to show your appreciation to the men and women who support our service members: http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/headlines/2014/05/give-thanks-on-military-spouse-appreciation-day/
It's good @DailyKos linked people to a story of a victim of government. It's a shame they got the basic fact wrong.  http://t.co/xQg31NP8Cz
Senator Johnson talking to students at Nicolet High School in Glendale.
Thanks to the students, teachers and administrators at Perspectives/IIT Math and Science Academy in Chicago for showing me how public charter schools are preparing #Illinois students to better compete in the global economy.
Congratulations to Linda Egnatz, a Spanish teacher at Lincoln-Way Community HS in Frankfort, named American Council on the Teaching of Foreign Languages (ACTFL) National Language Teacher of the Year.
Across the street from my town hall meeting today was the Rice County Courthouse - one of our state's most beautiful and historically preserved.
After my visit to Little River today, I continued my Kansas Listening Tour in Rice County at Lyons Federal Bank. I enjoyed the opportunity to visit with local residents about a wide range of topics including Cecil Burdette of Lyons who discussed concerns with VA healthcare. Thanks to John Sweet, Lyons City Administrator for helping set up the town hall meeting. The work I do in Washington and the issues I focus on are largely based on the conversations I have with Kansans and I greatly appreciate every conversation. Check my website for upcoming Kansas Listening Tour stops.
On my way out of McPherson today I stopped in the community of Little River and enjoyed visiting with folks at the City Library, Little River State Bank, Rice Co. Builders, Mutual Telephone Company, Fat Boyz Bar and Grille and Garden of Eden Grocery. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas common sense.
This morning i joined local residents for the 101st annual McPherson All Schools Day Parade and had the chance to visit with several students, including Ian Ferguson - McPherson High School senior and member of the marching band. The parade began in 1914 as a way to celebrate 8th grade graduates and has grown into a week-long annual Kansas event honoring graduates from 8th grade, high school and college with hundreds of participants. It was nice to see so many old friends and new faces. Thanks again to Scott Werth, my driver in the parade, as well as Donna Viola and the 2014 chairperson, Mary Steffes, who did a great job organizing this community event.
Our Alaska Native languages are alive and spoken today, but we've got to work keep them alive.  If they aren't passed on, the richness of our native cultures are at risk. That's why I introduced the Native American Languages Reauthorization Act this week: to sustain this link to the heritage of our First People.
It took way longer than it should have, but I'm glad Fish & Wildlife Service finally saw reason: the wood bison is coming back to Alaska. http://goo.gl/4ivgBY
Today is National Military Spouse day, so I hope the thousands of members of the Armed Forces we have in Alaska are doing something special for their husband or wife who also bear the burden of service to our nation.
Spoke at ceremony for new veterans memorial and business park in Washington County. New site will boost economy and add jobs.
Stopped for a moment of reflection at the Healing Church in Athens County, said to be Ohio's smallest sanctuary.
"We need to boldly go where no Republicans have gone before." Photo cred: @politico
Senator Rubio: Venezuela Sanctions Legislation Gets Boost With Opposition’s Support: http://1.usa.gov/1gfZzYc  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding yesterday’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on Venezuela:   “Yesterday, Obama Administration officials suggested that the time is not right for implementing sanctions on the individuals responsible for human rights abuses in Venezuela because of supposed concerns expressed by opposition leaders. Now that the main Venezuelan opposition group has made clear that is not the case and it, in fact, endorses individual sanctions like those in our legislation, this is a boost to our cause to hold the Maduro regime accountable by imposing sanctions.    “The time to stand with the Venezuelan people and against their repression by the regime is now. I hope the full Senate will soon be able to consider and approve sanctions legislation against Maduro regime officials and cronies.” 
Congrats to Jadeveon Clowney and Sammy Watkins on going #1 and #4 in the #NFLDraft! Great night for Palmetto State football.
NA
Happy #MilitarySpouseAppreciationDay!  
Good morning.  I will be on MSNBC's Morning Joe at 7:20 AM today.  Hope you can tune in!
Great to see Pittsburgh native and University of Pittsburgh star Aaron Donald drafted in the first round of the NFL draft!  The St. Louis Rams are getting a great player.
