NA
Senators Collins and King today sent a letter to the U.S. Secretary of Labor asking for expedited processing of a request for federal assistance for about 200 workers laid off at the Old Town Fuel and Fiber mill.  Read the article here:  
Obamacare backlogs have already started... #FullRepeal
It's an honor to nominate the McNally family of Neligh, NE for the congressional “Angels in Adoption” award. The McNallys recently adopted three siblings they first fostered. Their selflessness and devotion to these children are an inspiration for the community of Neligh and all Nebraskans.  http://tinyurl.com/ks2kh6d
Toured Grandview Christian School in DesMoines Met several classes and attended faculty meeting of 37
Programs that help foster youth age out of the system and make the transition to college or meaningful work are invaluable.  Senator Grassley takes note of media coverage of such a program in Indiana.  Senator Grassley was a leader in the bipartisan effort to pass the Fostering Connections to Success and Increasing Adoption Act of 2008, which gave states the option to extend services to youth aging out of the system and help them pursue education or vocational training.  Read the story about Indiana’s program and a young man who benefited from it here.
Senator Grassley wants college students to be aware of sexual assault and reporting requirements for colleges under federal law.  He’s working to beef up prevention and awareness with the bipartisan Campus Accountability and Safety Act.  Read more here:
“Passing a strong, long-term farm bill has been a top priority to ensure that our producers have the confidence and tools needed to run their operations. Including enhanced crop insurance provisions in the farm bill was important for North Dakota’s farmers and ranchers who need a strong safety net to effectively manage the market and weather volatility. This announcement that Supplemental Coverage Option will be available for next year’s wheat and durum crops is an important first step; now it needs to be followed up with implementation of SCO in all counties for all commodities.”
Looking forward to holding an informational meeting about applying to one of our nation's service academies.    Meeting to take place Wednesday, September 3 at 6pm at the Raymond J. Bohn Armory in Bismarck.
Recorded an interview with KCFO-AM's Doc Blevins and Friends today. Tune in Saturday at 11AM or again at 11PM Central on the radio or online at www.kcfo.com.
I joined fans from across Illinois to celebrate the Little League World Series US Champs #JackieRobinsonWest - today is YOUR day!
My Layton town hall meeting is starting in a few minutes.  You can watch the live stream here:
My town hall in Layton is starting in about an hour.  We will be focusing on the needs of Utah's veteran and military communities, but all are invited.
Senator Mitch McConnell makes stops in Lexington, Nicholasville, Wilmore, Harrodsburg and Danville today.
This week in my Kansas Common Sense newsletter: Service academy nomination information, photos from the Olathe Rotary Club and Lenexa Chamber of Commerce meetings, reports from my town hall meetings in Franklin, Douglas and Miami Counties, and getting to know new the Baker University President.
Today I got a behind-the-scenes look into Matanuska Electric Association's Eklutna Generation Station. This state of the art plant will provide much needed services for the Mat-Su Valley and is scheduled to be up and running by the beginning of 2015. Most importantly, over 80% of the employees on this project are Alaskan. Amazing!
It’s always great to see a popular publication share Alaska’s unique history with Lower 48ers who might not know about our state's role in WWII.  Here’s an interesting look back at the WWII fights on Kiska, an island in the Aleutians. While most people think of the attacks on Pearl Harbor when they think of WWII, many don’t know that American soil was actually occupied by enemy forces during the war.   
Tonight, I'm joining Greta Van Susteren on Fox News Channel to discuss how I've been spending the August recess in Kentucky and abroad. Tune in at 7pm ET!
I was glad to meet with members of the Home Builders Association Of Greater Kansas City to talk about issues facing their industry. Thanks for the great discussion.
Thanks to the folks in La Cygne who turned out to a town hall meeting. Next on the schedule: Today: Overland Park at Tomahawk Ridge Community Center, 11902 Lowell at 11:00 am. Tomorrow: Hays at Thirsty's Bew Pub and Grill, 2704 Vine St. at 3:00 pm.
It was a pleasure to visit with the Pittsburg noon Rotary. What a vibrant and energetic group including 48 year member Jack Overman. He is a Crawford County legend, and we wish him a happy 96th birthday.
Great meeting with Newberry Mayor Foster Senn and city officials yesterday!
Are you interested in attending the United States Naval Academy? Check out their admissions forum in Philly on September 6th!
