I discussed sequestration and the Hagel, Brennan, and Lew nominations this morning with Candy Crowley on CNN's "State of the Union."
NA
Looking forward to joining the Longhorn Council Boy Scouts of America’s Silver Eagle Luncheon on Monday
Wages more than double Texas state average in oil and gas sector.  What's holding the rest of the country back?
New development in Hagel nomination?
Chinese New Year Celebration with the Greater Dallas Taiwanese Chamber last night
My statement on the 4th anniversary of the failed stimulus: “On the first anniversary of the stimulus, Administration officials flocked to events around the country to tout the plan’s benefits. The President said it had been run ‘cleanly, smoothly and transparently,’ and one of my colleagues went so far as to call it ‘wildly successful.’ Fast-forward a few years—with 12 million Americans still looking for work—you’d be hard-pressed to find anyone at the White House eager to talk about the $1 trillion boondoggle.   “Yet despite four years of record unemployment and the weakest economic recovery since the Great Depression, the President remains bent on spending more taxpayer money and growing the government to new levels. It’s time to take an honest look at the failures of the stimulus, end the addiction to spending, and employ the pro-growth policies that have worked for our country in the past.”
4th anniversary of failed trillion dollar stimulus.
1390 days without a budget in D controlled Senate
Senator Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, received a briefing from AFISMA (African-led International Support Mission in Mali) command leadership in Bamako, Mali during a fact-finding trip in West Africa today
Unhappy fourth birthday to the stimulus bill!   What do we have to show for adding a trillion dollars to our debt? Three million fewer jobs and an unemployment rate 2.7 points higher than we were promised!
This past week might have been a good time for me to take my own advice about not reading the New York Times. Appreciate this piece from Commentary Magazine.
Rubio Says President’s Immigration Plan Would Be “Dead On Arrival”
Here's a photo essay of last Tuesday.  It was great to have the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette along for the ride.    http://old.post-gazette.com/pg/13048/1299036-491.stm
http://www.post-gazette.com/stories/news/politics-national/pennsylvanias-junior-senator-pat-toomey-on-the-fast-track-675764/
