Happy President's Day. I'm proud to occupy the office in the Senate that was once used by Missouri's own President Harry S. Truman.
Our country’s fiscal crisis is threatening the American Dream.  I look forward to joining Congressman Mike Simpson (R-ID), former U.S. Senator Alan Simpson (R-WY), U.S. Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) and the President of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, Maya MacGuineas at a Fiscal Symposium Tuesday night at the Idaho Statehouse.  Click below for more information.
PHOTO: Great to meet the Longhorn Council Boy Scouts today:
I plan to be in Casper tomorrow morning and Wheatland tomorrow afternoon to continue the public “collecting common sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions. Click below for more details.
For over 30 years, Mike Johanns has dedicated his life to serving the citizens of Nebraska. Mike’s time in public service began as a County Board Member, then City Council Member, Mayor, Governor of Nebraska, Secretary of Agriculture, and United States Senator. Few Nebraskans have served in so many different roles and had such a tremendous impact in each one of them. But Mike would be the first to tell you that his success is only possible through the counsel, love, and support of his wife, Stephanie.   I am personally grateful for Mike’s leadership in the Senate and all he has done in helping to smooth my transition. His rare mix of strong leadership and warm collegiality has earned him the respect and admiration of his colleagues from both sides of the aisle. While I am fortunate to have two more years to serve alongside him, I am sad to see Mike leave the Senate. I am so thankful for his many years of service and on behalf of all Nebraskans, Bruce and I wish Mike and Stephanie the very best as they begin this new chapter of their lives.  http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-room?ID=a11161e1-bde6-4386-9925-db8d437ba73c
Seven days until the Senate reconvenes to vote on the controversial nominee, former Sen. Chuck Hagel, to Secretary of Defense. More time has been necessary to vet someone who refuses to remove his name from the Global Zero document that clearly encourages global nuclear disarmament. The report does not fully support even the President's commitment to nuclear modernization. At a time when North Korea's belligerent actions threaten our allies with their nuclear capabilities, the security of our own nation and that of our allies requires us to be vigilant with our own nuclear weapons and defense systems.
Today, I had the privilege of presenting medals to Vietnam War veteran Patrick Ramsey of Clay Center. Mr. Ramsey served as a helicopter pilot and Infantry Officer during the Vietnam War. Enlisting in 1967, he logged 1,000 hours as a combat pilot before returning to Ft. Riley where he served on active duty until 1973. He joined the Kansas National Guard in 1975 and continued to serve our country until 1991.  Thanks to Mr. Ramsey and all of our nation’s veterans for your service and sacrifice that allows us to live in the strongest, freest and greatest nation in the world.
What a great crowd in Iola at Allen County Community College. Thank you to President John Masterson for a wonderful welcome, and thank you to those in attendance for their advice and counsel on a number of important issues including the economy, the deficit and national defense.
Thanks to all the folks in Franklin County who turned out to the Town Hall meeting in Ottawa--the struggling economy and too much government were big topics of discussion.
PHOTO RELEASE: Senator Rubio Visits Jordan
Sen. Sessions made the following comment today about President Obama's leaked plan and the secret immigration talks underway in Congress:   “The release of the President's immigration plan is more than a misstep or clever political maneuver. It is a dramatic disclosure of his real immigration ideology and goals. The plan grants amnesty on day one while making hollow promises of future enforcement that will never occur. The plan is a giveaway for the special interests and the open borders lobby.  This president will never dedicate himself to enforcing the law, and this plan offers only further proof of that.  It is plain what is happening. The special interests are again in the White House, demanding and getting their favors granted, while American workers and the public interest are again locked out.    Unfortunately, the leaked plan is little different in its substance from the Gang of 8 plan, which is also unlikely to withstand scrutiny. Crucially, both plans confer legal status and work authorization on day one in exchange for promises of future enforcement on which this administration will never deliver.  Perhaps this leak, and what it reveals, may mark the beginning of the collapse of this new scheme to force through a fatally flawed plan.”
Amazing: Penn State's THON dance marathon raises $12 million for pediatric cancer research. Well done - and thank you.
A great editorial from Delco Times. We must get serious about our debt.
Happy President's Day, America. Who ranks in your top three?
