Congratulations to the outstanding students graduating today from BAE's Women in Technology program!
NA
Senator Ayotte speaking to New Hampshire members of the US Global Leadership Coalition this morning in Manchester
I had a good conversation with Dana Loesch this afternoon about the need to improve screening and treatment for mental health issues.
Click below if you missed Friday's newsletter that includes my response to the State of the Union and my comments during the Senate Finance Committee hearing for Jack Lew.
We're talking about telecommunications issues at the Verizon Regional Headquarters in Little Rock.
Talking to KTHV after touring Little Rock Air Force Base and visiting with the commanders about sequestration and other issues.
I’ll be on the second half of Sean Hannity’s radio show today talking about how Obamacare is negatively impacting Americans and business owners who provide health care to their employees.  To see when and where Hannity’s radio program airs in Wyoming, click below.
Sublette county folks: Please join me at a town hall meeting at the Pinedale library tonight from 6-7 pm (MT). I look forward to hearing your ideas and talking about issues that are most important to you.
NA
Just wrapped up a news conference with Congressman Mike Simpson. We are looking forward to the Fiscal Symposium tonight at the Idaho Statehouse and hope you will come join us for a panel discussion on our nation’s fiscal condition and possible solutions.
Op-Ed: Our focus right now must be on job growth and implementing policies for an economic recovery.  Last week, during the State of the Union address, I heard more of the same tax-and-spend policies from the President.  The debt crisis our country faces is hindering the economy’s ability to grow.  The President must work with Congress to enact comprehensive tax and entitlement reform.
News Release: U.S. Senator Mike Johanns(R-NE) has made a major focus of his service in the Senate helping us craft a solution to our national debt crisis. I will miss Mike's work ethic and insight in the future, but look forward to what we can accomplish together during the remainder of this Congress.
Senator Collins met Wayne and Anita Hakala from Greenwood during her tour of the Togus VA Medical Center.  Wayne, who is retired from the U.S. Air Force, is a member of Legion Post 68 in Locke Mills and was Maine's Legionnaire of the Year in 2012.
 
 Senator Collins visited Togus to mark the National Salute to Veteran Patients Program-- and to thank our nation's heroes.
“Any effort to avert the sequester should begin with the billions in frivolous projects, government waste, and duplicative spending that have propagated our runaway debt and deficits:”
“Today Pres. Obama said 'these cuts are not smart, these cuts are not fair, and they will hurt our economy,' but he neglected to say [they] were his idea:"
Cornyn Responds to the President’s Call to Prevent His Sequester:
CQ: Cornyn Picks Up Balanced Budget Amendment Mantle for Republicans:
Tremendously humbled to participate in Chief Warrant Officer Jerry Hamilton's Purple Heart ceremony at Brooke Army Medical Center today to honor his service. He is part of a distinguished, noble group of Americans who have sacrificed to preserve the cause of freedom.
Great time visiting one of the nation's finest rifle manufacturers, LaRue Tactical, for a press conference discussing the fight to defend our Second Amendment rights.
I plan to be in Cheyenne tomorrow afternoon for the next public “collecting common sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening session. Click below for more details.
I'll be on KHAS-TV News 5 live in Hastings at 6:00 PM CT tonight. Be sure to tune in!
I had a great meeting with Nebraska Cattlemen today to discuss the important policy and regulatory issues affecting Nebraska’s livestock industry.
This morning I toured and visited with leaders from the National Drought Mitigation Center and the Diocles Extreme Light Laboratory. I was very impressed by University of Nebraska-Lincoln and the great job they do managing these important projects. The NDMC assists with developing and implementing plans for drought preparedness, and Diocles was built at UNL to research how we can utilize the power of light in new technology.
Congratulations to Mosaic as we celebrate its 100th anniversary today. For the last century, Mosaic has provided quality services to individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities, and Nebraska is proud to be the home state of this organization that now serves more than 3,700 individuals in 10 states. I continue to admire the dedication demonstrated by Mosaic’s staff through its generous care for others, and as we recognize its centennial, I join Nebraskans in expressing my gratitude for the positive impact their work has had on our communities for 100 years. You can learn more about Mosaic’s services and centennial activities here:
will be visiting Easley today and speaking with members of the Easley Rotary Club.
At MtAyr HS/grades 7-12 at Q&A w Qs abt student loans, expectations 2nd Obama term,SS, guns, transparency in govt,Nuclear N Korea, Iran
25 ppl at town Mtg in Leon. Qs abt VAWA, HAgel, guns, police in schools, EPAregs, sequester,FarmBill, Benghazi, gas prices, recess appts.
Grassley comments regarding the President's remarks on the sequester
21ppl at Corydon town mtg. SocSec, TermLimits, GovtFraud, Hagel, Czars, EPA Reg, FarmBill, ObamaCare, Immigr, Guns #everycountyeveryyear
Obama's pick for treasury secretary grilled on NYU loan
Town mtg in Centerville- 49 ppl-Qs abt immigration, guns, def&debt,Medicaid xpansion, foreign aid, ethanol, govt reg, ExecOrders, filibuster
Grassley holding meetings this week in 16 Iowa counties
Six days until the Senate reconvenes to vote on Hagel as the next Secretary of Defense. There are also only 12 days left until the very department he could lead is subjected to $492 billion in cuts, bringing defense budget cuts to more than $1 trillion since the President took office. Hagel told the Financial Times in late 2011 that the Department of Defense is “bloated” and the Pentagon needs to be “pared down.” Yet Sec. Panetta has said the impact of upcoming additional defense cuts would be “catastrophic” and “devastating” to our military. Gen. Dempsey recently testified before Congress that he couldn’t afford “one more dollar” if the military is to maintain its current mission. Why was Sen. Reid so rushed to get Sen. Hagel confirmed? Congress must ensure we put into place a Secretary of Defense ready to work together to avert a hollowed out military and compromised national security. I am hoping those Senators who opposed Hagel last week will not change.
I have great admiration for Marine Corps Gen. John Allen. Thank you for your service to our country.
I'm looking forward to the joint town hall meeting today with Sen. Pat Roberts and Congressman Kevin Yoder at Olathe City Hall at 4 p.m. CT.  If you're in the area, I hope you'll join us.
Today, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled 9-0 in favor of Kansas native Jeff Chafin in his battle to bring his daughter Eris back to the United States so he can fight for his daughter in the U.S. judicial system. For the past 2 years, Jeff has struggled to regain custody of his daughter after his estranged wife was deported by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, moved to Scotland, and won a lower court decision allowing her to take Eris with her against Jeff’s wishes.   I had the opportunity to visit with Jeff and his family this winter. He exemplifies the best in our U.S. Army and is a dedicated and loving father. The court’s unanimous decision states that U.S. custody cases are not moot when the child is abroad. I am hopeful that this victory for Jeff in the highest court in the United States will provide clarity for future international custody cases and create an amicable resolution for the Chafin family.
Yesterday, I attended Marysville Rotary Club. It was held at the newly refurbished bowling alley owned by Don Landoll (pictured). Don wanted to give Marysville residents of all ages something fun to do in their hometown, and I applaud him for his efforts to improve his rural community.
Talking with the Downtown Anchorage Rotary about energy opportunities, the impacts of sequestration on our state and working together to solve the big problems facing our nation.  The Rotarian guiding principals are great for all of us to keep in mind: service, high ethical standards, understanding each other and goodwill.
My thoughts and prayers are with Albert Kookesh as he recovers today.  Get well soon, my friend.
This afternoon in Fairbanks I met with the Tiger Team to thank them for their strong efforts during the Eielson F-16 Scoping Meetings.  The Air Force heard a lot of concerns and great comments from the Fairbanks and North Pole communities on its plan to move the fighter jets from Eielson AFB to JBER, and that organized effort was largely due to the Tiger Team's dedication.
Discussed worker retraining in Harrison this morning with small business leaders, Mayor Joel McGuire and Cincinnati State President O'dell Owens prior to Cincinnati State’s dedication of new airport hangars.
Today, I announced my nominations to the U.S. service academies, consisting of 41 individuals from across the Commonwealth of Kentucky.   These students have shown strength in character and leadership and I wish them the best through the remainder of the selection process.   http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=710
Yesterday I appeared on Fox News Sunday to discuss the state of our economy, my hold on the nomination of John Brennan, immigration reform and revitalizing the Republican Party.  Click here to watch my interview in its entirety.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJsKpGmHQPo
Really enjoyed visiting with this group of young Majors who are students at the Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth. They are truly engaged in the Intellectual Center of the United States Army.
Thanks to those that turned out for an Anderson County Townhall meeting. We had a full house with Kansans concerned about the economy and the debt. Thanks for taking the time to share your advice and counsel with me.
If you are in the Johnson County area today Jerry Moran, Congressman Kevin Yoder and I are hosting a town hall at the Olathe City Council Chambers at 4:00pm, and we would love to see you there!
 
 If you can't make it, you can stream the event live here: http://www.olatheks.org/News/OGN
Joined the College of Charleston for a student forum this afternoon. Enjoyed talking with the Cougar community.
Had a great time speaking at my alma mater Stall High School in North Charleston this morning. Good questions from the students!
A terrific visit to Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh today, where I learned how technological advances in telemedicine are enabling doctors in Pitt to extend their expertise to rural areas in PA. My thanks to Dr. Andrew Urbach, Medical Director for Clinical Excellence and Service for taking the time to show me around. Keep up the great work!
I support a balanced budget amendment because our deficits have reached unsustainable levels. It is crucial that we take serious, substantive steps to rein in our country's out-of-control spending.  The Balanced Budget Amendment will force Congress to start living within its means and return fiscal responsibility to Washington. It is time for Congress to put American taxpayers first, and the Balanced Budget Act will make sure this happens.
ICYMI, Lebanon County celebrated its bicentennial this weekend. Commissioners Robert Phillips, Jo Ellen Litz and William Ames dressed in splendid fashion for the big day.
I’ve written Defense Secretary Leon Panetta to ask why the Pentagon has reportedly decided to rank a new medal for drone operators and others not in direct ground combat above some long-standing combat valor medals. I’d like to know the Pentagon’s rationale here.
