Today we honor 50 years since the signing of the historic Civil Rights Act, which ensures all Americans have equal freedom to pursue their dreams. #CivilRightsAct1964
This is very troubling. Americans deserve to know how Washington is spending their hard-earned dollars – and whether their money is being misused on wasteful and fraudulent #ObamaCare payments.
The St. Joseph News-Press reported on my efforts to protect religious freedom. As we approach the 4th of July, what freedoms do you hold most dear?
Last Friday, our first group of summer interns wrapped up their time with us in Washington.They were a tremendous help to the people of Arkansas over the course of their internships and I appreciate their commitment and dedication. I am confident that these young men and women have bright futures ahead of them.
At 11 am CT, a member of my staff will visit Boonville to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency   11:00 am - 12:00 pm CT  City Hall: 135 S. 2nd St., Boonville, IN
ICYMI: I joined a coalition of forty lawmakers, including fellow Idaho Senator Jim Risch and Idaho Representatives Mike Simpson and Raul Labrador, in protesting a new U.S. Forest Service Groundwater Resource Management Directive that will restrict access to public lands and interfere with state and private water rights.  Learn more here: http://goo.gl/KwNA67
Enjoyed learning about Hillwood’s AllianceTexas development in Ft. Worth that has already brought more than 30,000 jobs to North Texas and is poised for even more growth and job creation.
NA
NA
Cornyn op-ed: Obama's Administrative Immigration  http://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/latest-columns/20140701-obama-s-deferred-action-policy-not-congress-led-to-illegal-crossings.ece
Another federal judge says the #IRS has explaining to do about those “lost” emails. #SpecialProsecutorNow
Under the Fourteenth Amendment, our Constitution is colorblind – all of us are guaranteed the equal protection of the law. Yet the road to freedom for African Americans in this country has been too long. For years, civil rights leaders fought for their rights, and for justice, but they faced a seemingly insurmountable challenge in the Senate: a bloc of Southern Democrats who refused to support the bill.  Today we remember the long and contentious debate that lasted sixty days, before Senate Democratic Whip Hubert Humphrey (MN) and Republican Minority Leader Everett M. Dirksen (IL) were together able to compile the votes needed to end the filibuster, pass the bill, and make it law. We remember the words of Senator Dirksen when he rose that day when the filibuster ended, urging his colleagues to drop their opposition to the bill. He recalled, ‘It is said that on the night he died, Victor Hugo wrote in his diary, substantially this sentiment: Stronger than all the armies is an idea whose time has come. The time has come for equality of opportunity in sharing of government, in education, and in employment. It must not be stayed or denied.’  Nonetheless, 23 Democrats and 6 Republicans fiercely opposed ending the filibuster and taking up the landmark bill.  And yet, the remainder of the Senate – Republicans and Democrats joining together – invoked cloture and passed the bill, to ensure that all people, regardless of race, gender, or religion were treated with equality and dignity under the law. Republicans and Democrats gathered at the White House on July 2 to watch President Johnson, a Southerner from Texas, sign the bill into law, finally making good on the words of President John F. Kennedy who a year earlier called on every American to “examine his conscience” and support the bill.  Our work is not over. Racial discrimination and bigotry persists, and we must be united working to defeat it. Moreover, when Dr. Martin Luther King gathered millions on the National Mall in the summer of 1963, those men and women were marching for not only their rights, but also for opportunity.  We can still do better by fighting to give everyone in our country the opportunities they deserve.  We must do better. And, if Republicans and Democrats can come together as they did in 1964 once again, we will.
Over $17 trillion in debt, our country’s spending is endangering our fiscal future, but there are solutions. My Penny Plan is a simple and straightforward way to balance the budget. It’s time to take away the federal government’s credit cards. #PennyPlan #CutWorstFirst
Taxpayers ought to be free and independent of wasteful and unnecessary federal spending; that truth is self-evident. #primecuts
REMINDER: I'm holding a listening session TODAY at the Ainsworth City Office and Conference Center at 12:30 pm CT. Please drop by, even for just a few minutes, to share what's on your mind.
Q&A w 49 people Air Control Inc-Clinton Topics-Obamacare, SocialSecurity, TermLimits, taxes, ExIm Bank, ExecOrders, Gitmo prisoner release
Q&A w Mt Pleasant Noon Rotary 29 ppl Topics-Hwy bill, immigration, SCOTUS rulings, Welfare, confidence in govt, SGR
Muscatine Town Meeting 58 ppl Topics-immig, foreign aid, VA, EPA/coal, taxes, pipeline, navigable rivers, regs, common core, partisanship
NA
“Secretary Vilsack’s visit today is important because he can see firsthand the flood challenges we face and the need for the USDA to help build upstream flood protection, which is an important element of comprehensive flood protection for the Valley. We worked to include in the new farm bill, RCPP, EQIP and other programs that can hold back water and help us to protect communities at risk. We’re grateful to Secretary Vilsack for being here today and we urge him to provide the necessary flexibility to make these programs workable for our farmers, water boards and the Red River Retention Authority.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/7/hoeven-farm-bill-tools-can-help-to-address-upstream-concerns 
Backpage knowingly facilitates the trafficking of minors. Help stop them: http://kirk.senate.gov/notforsale/ #NotForSale
Backpage sells modern day slavery. The #SAVE Act would stop Backpage & similar sites: http://kirk.senate.gov/notforsale #NotForSale
West Point City is just one if the locations where you can visit my mobile office today in Davis county.  Visit lee.senate.gov to find the other locations.
Now the Left, they see Big Government’s consolidation and redistribution of economic opportunity as a feature, not a bug. Liberals have no problem privileging special interests, so long as they’re liberal special interests. And if and when it all blows up in their faces, they can always advocate… even bigger government.  This kind of corporatism, by which large, established players in government, industry, labor, and special interests work together to “manage” the economy, has always been part of progressive ideology. Herbert Croly, one of the intellectual founders of progressivism, put it bluntly over a century ago, when he wrote: “In economic warfare, the fighting can never be fair for long, and it is the business of the state to see that its own friends are victorious.” That’s how liberals today still think. #EndExIm
Today, I wrote to Acting VA Secretary Gibson following our phone conversation on June 27, 2014, to reaffirm his verbal commitment that veterans will continue to receive their medical services accessed through the successful program - Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH). The correspondence this week is one of several recent efforts interacting with the VA to make certain veterans receiving care through ARCH will not experience a lapse in access to that care. You can read more below.
Alaska's breweries are a fun topic, but they're also serious business and a thriving part of our state's economy. Denali Brewing Company GM Sassan Mossanen is telling me about how he invests in his business and the community.  During the summer, they employ as many as 75 people!  (PS The Mother Ale gets a big thumbs up)
A big congratulations to Michelle Howard for becoming the first woman to be promoted to a four-star admiral in the United States Navy!
I am pleased to hear that the Air Force listened to my concerns and delayed the demolition of the HAARP facility in Gakona for a year. I understand they have to reevaluate their spending, but I think HAARP’s research is too important to bulldoze without considering all the available options.
The interstate highway system is of vital importance to our economy. All across the country, bridges, and roads are deficient and in need of replacement.   We can help fund new construction and repair by lowering the repatriation rate and bringing money held by U.S. companies back home. This would mean no new taxes, but more revenue, and it is a solution that should win support from both political parties.  READ: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1186 
I asked for unanimous consent to pass my Stand with Israel Act weeks ago. I will do so again next week. Whoever wants to come down to object will need to explain to the parents of these Israeli teenagers why the United States of America is funding their murderers.  READ- http://www.nationalreview.com/article/381726/tragedy-israel-rand-paul 
While parts of Kansas are seeing much needed rain, we are also learning the Lesser Prairie Chicken numbers are back up. This has Kansans across the state telling the Obama Administration "I told you so." As moisture conditions improve, so will the population and habitat of the Lesser Prairie Chicken.  http://kansasagnetwork.com/2014/rain-lessens-drought-and-increases-lesser-prairie-chicken-population/
Yesterday was a great day for Wichita, our Airmen and McConnell Air Force Base. It was a hard fought battle, but Kansas is so proud to continue fueling freedom.  http://www.kansas.com/2014/06/30/3534030/officials-break-ground-at-mcconnell.html
ICYMI: Rubio Marks 50th Anniversary of Civil Rights Act: http://bit.ly/1mK7vTm  As we gather with family and friends this week to mark the Fourth of July, let us keep in mind the defining value that sets this nation apart – the founding principle that stands as our greatest cause for pride and celebration: that every American deserves an equal opportunity to achieve a happy and fulfilling life.   Equality of opportunity is the driving force behind the American Dream. Yet while this Dream was born on a July day in 1776, one of its greatest strides toward full realization came on a July day in 1964. The enactment of the Civil Rights Act 50 years ago today helped bring the American Dream within reach of millions who had been excluded from its promise.   By outlawing discrimination based on race, religion, gender, or country of origin, the Civil Rights Act gave legal backing to our core value of equal rights so that America could begin to heal its racial fractures and, in the words of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., “live out the true meaning of its creed.”  ...
Today we celebrate the 50th anniversary of the signing of the Civil Rights Act.  Our country has made amazing strides forward.   http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-statement-50th-anniversary-civil-rights-act
Those who risked their lives for our freedom should be first in line for the best quality healthcare. For many of them, that's not the case.
Great to meet with Sunbury's women business owners!
In 1776, our Founding Fathers risked it all to start this great American experiment. Today, our Armed Forces give their all to defend it. Thank you. 
With Congressman Tom Marino, I sat down with federal correctional officers in Williamsport to discuss my bill to ensure greater protections for them. You can learn more about the "Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2014" here: http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1369
Thank you! 
