TUNE IN: Watch this morning’s Senate HELP Committee hearing, beginning at 10 AM EST : The Challenge of College Affordability—The Student Lens. Before this morning’s hearing, Sen. Alexander met with Derrica Donelson, a student at Lipscomb University in Nashville, whom he invited to testify on the student perspective of college affordability today. Follow this link to watch LIVE: http://www.help.senate.gov//hearings/hearing/?id=58f4674b-5056-a032-5244-d855725503e9
With Epsom Central School eighth graders today on the steps of the US Capitol
Had a great chat with Jamie Allman from FM NewsTalk 97.1 during his trip to Washington, D.C. Check out our discussion.
I introduced an important bill yesterday to protect private sector jobs and public safety by ensuring “essential” federal employees continue to provide vital services.
The American flag flying at half-staff over the U.S. Capitol to honor the victims of the Boston Marathon tragedy.
I oppose the Manchin-Toomey amendment and will vote against it. I supported having a debate on the issue of violent crime, but as I made clear from the outset, I will oppose any legislation that chips away at our Constitutional rights.  After reviewing the current text of the Manchin-Toomey proposal, I have numerous Second Amendment, due process and privacy concerns that make the legislation too problematic for it to ever become law.
Yesterday, the Department of Defense (DOD) announced that Secretary Chuck Hagel has canceled the creation of a new military medal for unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) pilots and cyber warriors that was set to be ranked higher than the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart. DOD said it would instead develop a special pin or device that would be attached to already existing medals or ribbons.  This is a fair way to protect the integrity of medals like the Purple Heart and Bronze Star that are earned while serving directly under enemy fire.  More in the blog post below.
American businesses play a crucial role in the development and growth of our economy and Congress needs to create policies that promote job creation. I appreciate the efforts of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to promote the interests of the business world.
NA
The Salvation Army is helping Boston survivors and their families. Here’s how you can help:
Senator Coats today received the U.S. Chamber of Commerce’s “Spirit of Enterprise” award for his support of pro-business issues during the second session of the 112th Congress.
The flag over the U.S. Capitol is flying at half-staff for the victims in Boston.  Our prayers continue to be with them, their families and all those impacted by the tragic event.
Pictured: Senator Collins meets on the steps of the U.S. Capitol with Boy Scouts from Cumberland County, Maine
Cornyn Addresses Boston Bombings on Senate Floor:
KWKT Waco: Local Prosecutors Speak in Favor of Cornyn's Prosecutor Safety Bill:
In a WSJ op-ed (http://on.wsj.com/15cCSlS) today, Sen. Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, discusses North Korea and the need for the U.S. to convince China that their continued support of North Korea is not in their interests.
I believe this Administration’s assessment of its budget is unrealistically rosy.  I find it hard to understand how the president’s top advisers can say his budget balances when it actually increases the debt. You can see more from today’s Senate Budget Committee hearing today by clicking the link below.
Diana and I were heartbroken to learn of the bombings in Boston yesterday. Our prayers are with the victims and the families of those whose lives will never be the same. This is a sad reminder that we live in a dangerous world. We must remain vigilant against those who wish to do us harm. We hope to learn more about those who carried out this cowardly attack in the days to come. Through it all we must never forget that we are all Americans and we are in this together.
In case you missed it: On Tax Day, I spoke on the Senate floor about the need for a simpler, fairer tax code for American taxpayers. Nebraskans should not have to waste their time navigating our current complicated code of 73,608 pages or pay for expensive financial advisers just to fork over more money to Uncle Sam. Watch my speech calling for comprehensive tax reform here:
Instead of expanding a broken background check system, let’s fix it.  I have bipartisan legislation which would accomplish that goal. I hope the Senate will soon debate and approve my legislation.
IRS on accessing taxpayer emails
Secret holds reform in the U.S. Senate.
Here's the Scoop, Senator Grassley's eNewsletter
In previous tweet I meant to say it is Ogden HS 42nd annual trip to DC
I'm glad to hv bfast w the Ogden HS 42 yrs in row
I will vote against the Senator Joe Manchin III - Senator Pat Toomey amendment. Read why here:   When it comes to national policy choices on issues such as Constitutional liberties, gun violence and public safety, the stakes could not be higher. The enormity of this issue has weighed heavily on me. While I was home this past weekend, my family and I ate at the Carson IHOP where four people lost their lives and several were injured. The survivors of that senseless shooting in the morning hours of September 6, 2011, deserve this debate.   I believe very strongly that our current background check system needs strengthening and improving, particularly in areas that could keep guns out of the hands of felons and the mentally ill.  At the same time, I cannot support legislation that infringes upon the Constitutional right to keep and bear arms.  Despite the good faith efforts of Senators Manchin and Toomey, the onerous paperwork and expansion of federal power mandated in this legislation are too great of a concern. I believe that this legislation could lead to the creation of a national gun registry and puts additional burdens on law-abiding citizens. For these reasons, I cannot vote for this legislation.  http://1.usa.gov/11eQxnq
My prayers and those of all Oklahomans are with those who lost loved ones and those who were injured after the malicious and cowardly attacks in Boston. We owe a debt of gratitude to our heroic first responders and others on the scene who in the midst of uncertainty rushed to help those in need.   The tragic events in Boston come nearly 18 years to the day after the terrorist attack on the Alfred P. Murrah Building in Oklahoma City.  These horrific events remind us all that we live in a dangerous world that requires us to remain vigilant in defending our country against threats both at home and abroad.  Those who perpetrated this act of terror must be found and brought to justice.
NA
It is predicted that the comprehensive immigration reform bill will be at least 1500 pages.  I strongly encourage my colleagues to read the bill and then decide whether this reform will accomplish what proponents are promising.
McConnell: "Those responsible for this act of terror will be brought to justice for their deeds. But today, our thoughts are mainly with the victims, their families and friends — and all those whose lives have suddenly been turned upside down by the wicked designs of those responsible. For most of us, it’s hard to imagine how anyone could even contemplate doing something like this. But, as always, as a nation we will face this sad reality head on. And show the world that America does not cower in the face of it."
Today, I cosponsored a Senate Resolution to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the 1942 Doolittle Tokyo Raiders – a group of WWII pilots who have become an enduring model of courage and patriotism. This week, the four surviving members are reuniting for the last time to mark the 70th Anniversary of their “extremely hazardous” bomber mission – which they volunteered for without knowing the target, location or assignment. Led by Lt. Col. James Doolittle, the Raiders were forced to launch their airplanes 650 miles from their target. After hitting their military and industrial targets in Tokyo and five other cities, low on fuel and in setting night and deteriorating weather, all 16 airplanes were forced to crash-land in China or Russia. Of the eight Raiders who were captured, three were executed – including Sergeant Harold Spatz of Lebo, Kansas – one died of disease, and four returned home. A dormitory at McConnell AFB is named in Sergeant Spatz’s honor. Click the link before to learn more about the story of the Doolittle Raiders and their final reunion.
On Thursday, April 18, Fort Riley is conducting a listening session on Army force reductions and restructuring that could impact the Manhattan and Junction City communities. The listening session is open to the public and everyone is encouraged to attend.  Let your voices be heard this Thursday, April 18th at 10am in the 580 HQ Building - Room 110.
Since recognizing Israel 11 minutes after its founding in 1948, our two countries have worked side-by-side to advance democracy, peace and stability. Israel remains our staunchest ally in a volatile part of the world. Today, as they mark 65 years of independence, I congratulate the people of Israel for building a strong and vibrant country despite all the challenges, wars and attacks they have faced.
Many of Alaska's Southeast communities are dependent on Secure Rural School payments because the Forest Service has completely failed to adequately manage our forests.  This money funds schools and emergency services in those areas.  Now the federal government is asking for us to give five percent back or be fined, because of sequestration?  I told the Forest Service Chief he's adding insult to injury. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=fe2ac154-7e17-48ad-9157-74fe07694773
Good news for our Vets: The Pentagon has decided against a new medal for drone pilots -- that would honor them above Purple Heart recipients -- and will use medals that are attached to existing medals instead.  I appreciate Defense Secretary Hagel giving this decision a second look and doing the right thing. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=ec977900-7265-4d84-baf9-30dcd873a307
We're all shocked, saddened and still coming to terms with the three deaths and 170 injuries from the explosion at the Boston Marathon yesterday.  But there were some stories of bravery and generosity that remind me of all the good in people out there.  Runners who kept running to a hospital to give blood, brave people running into the blast to help, and more. I thank them for their selfless responses. http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/04/16/boston-marathon-explosions-the-heroes-who-responded-to-the-blasts.html
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims in Boston and their families.
NA
Sessions issued the following comment on the terror attack in Boston:  “Our nation mourns for the dead and prays for the victims and their families. We must do everything in our power to support the city of Boston in her hour of need and to track down and punish every last person responsible for this attack upon our country.”
Welcomed seniors from Cathedral Academy in Charleston to the Capitol!
Today we grieve for those lost and injured, thank with all our hearts the first responders who run towards danger, and stand strong as the American family.
It's good to have the support of friends Gabrielle Giffords and her husband, Captain Mark Kelly. Thank you for taking time to meet with Senator Joe Manchin III and me today.
Thank you for your patience. My DC office is now back up and running in our new location, Russell 248. We look forward to continuing to hear from and serve Pennsylvanians.
NA
