Today, Senator Alexander spoke with witnesses in a joint HELP and Appropriations Committee hearing, including Ebola survivor Dr. Kent Brantley, on how to control the Ebola epidemic saying, “We must take the dangerous, deadly threat of Ebola epidemic as seriously as seriously as we take ISIS.”  Alexander continued, “The spread of this disease deserves a more urgent response from our country and other countries around the world than it’s now getting. This is one of the most explosive, deadly epidemics in modern times...It will require a huge and immediate response.”  View Alexander’s opening remarks, here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJWLULlfWuM&list=UUhDLBjn5RWqgMmCSswT05IQ 
Today, Senator Alexander, the top Republican on the Senate labor committee, and Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell introduced the “NLRB Reform Act” to turn the National Labor Relations Board from an advocate to an umpire in labor disputes.   “Thousands of private-sector workers in Tennessee are affected by decisions made at the National Labor Relations Board—which for too long has been acting as an advocate for one interest or another instead of an impartial umpire. The board is too partisan, swinging from one side to the other with each new administration.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=67fce1d6-ff3e-4d60-9d26-fe90444aba55   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ww8uCMXq4OM&list=UUhDLBjn5RWqgMmCSswT05IQ
At a special ceremony on Capitol Hill today, Senator Ayotte honored Joyce Jorgenson of Harrisville as a 2014 Angel in Adoption. Ayotte nominated Joyce for the award in recognition of her efforts to raise awareness and increase public understanding of Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder (FASD). Joyce became personally familiar with FASD when her son Patrick - whom she adopted as an infant - was diagnosed with the disorder at the age of three. Read more:
Last night, the House passed a version of the manufacturing jobs bill that I introduced in the Senate. This bipartisan bill would put more people back to work by bringing together public and private agencies, businesses, universities, and other organizations to revitalize American manufacturing and innovation. We need to pass this important legislation in the Senate and send it to the president’s desk as soon as possible.
Senator King and I penned an op-ed together on student loan repayment reform – check it out. #RepayAct 
Today, Senator Angus S. King, Jr. (I-Maine) and I introduced a plan to reform student loan repayment plans. The #RepayAct focuses on two things: making repayment simple for students and making sure taxpayer dollars aren’t wasted. Learn more about the Repayment Act -- let’s #fixthemaze.
EPA extended a comment period for mandates that will make electricity costs skyrocket. Let EPA know what you think 1.usa.gov/V82AoM 
I'm proud to honor Springdale’s Creekside Center for Women as a 2014 Angel in Adoption for its advocacy of adoption. We are fortunate to have this team of faith-based physicians in Arkansas. To learn more about their work and Angels in Adoption read our weekly column http://1.usa.gov/Zo3W1u
On this day in 1950, War Memorial Stadium opened in Laramie. The Cowboys had an undefeated season that year. #WyoHistory Photo credit: Wyoming Athletics
NA
Throughout August, I sat down with numerous veterans groups in Idaho seeking input on ways in which veterans services in Idaho can be improved.  In conjunction with that effort, I am also asking Idaho’s veterans, their communities, friends and families to fill out a brief questionnaire to provide feedback on their experiences, both positive and negative, with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. Have you taken the survey?    To take the survey, click here:http://goo.gl/Qzdmw3   Hit “share” and “like” to help me ensure we hear from as many as Idahoans possible.  Your feedback is invaluable as we work together to tackle these significant national challenges. 
NA
VIDEO - Cornyn: Senate Needs Change in Management:
In an op-ed in USA TODAY, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, writes today that President Obama should seek explicit congressional authorization to combat the terrorist group Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS).  “Unless the president reverses course and requests congressional backing, our efforts to confront ISIS risk failure without the long-term domestic political support necessary for a multiyear campaign in at least two countries,” writes Corker. “We would be stronger and our actions against ISIS more effective if the president requested authorization. Congress, and the American people, would give him that authority as long as his plan is well thought out. It's the right thing to do for Americans heading into harm's way.”
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 30 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
The Obama Administration’s plan to combat ISIS is defined by its confusion. We should have a mission to achieve what is immediately essential: striking ISIS to protect Americans.
We need the whole truth about #Benghazi, and we need it NOW!
Under Democratic control, the U.S. Senate refuses to even allow a vote on solving the crisis at the border or stopping the President’s illegal amnesty. #StopObamasAmnesty
Last week I joined more than 50 senators in calling on the EPA to extend the comment period for one of its most complex and costly rules targeting power plants. Today the agency announced a 45-day extension for the public to offer input.  I hope people will use this time to let the EPA know there are more productive ways to improve the environment than crippling job creators and making it harder for people to pay their bills. I am joined by many of my colleagues in standing against this Administration’s effort to put coal out of business. 
Today I spoke at the Wyoming Air Force Association congressional breakfast about the importance of our nation’s Air Force, not only for Wyoming, but for the protection of our country at home and abroad. Very lucky to have many current and former Air Force members attending, some from Cheyenne, along with Senator John Barrasso and Rep. Cynthia Lummis. I am always pleased that through my role as Chairman of the Senate Air Force Caucus, I am able to spend time with and learn from the men and women who serve in this great organization.
Congress is planning to vote on another short-term continuing resolution to fund the government, adding more to our debt. But like my mom and dad told me “You shouldn’t just complain, you should have solutions.” Today I spoke on the Senate floor about my Penny Plan and biennial budget bill, which are common-sense solutions that will end deficit spending and bring our budget process into the 21st century. Understanding how to reach and maintain our nation’s financial health is not rocket science. It requires exercising common sense and commitment.
Busy day in the Senate today. First met with constituents from the NE Farm Bureau Federation to talk about the EPA’s Waters of the US proposal.  Then attended the Armed Services committee hearing on ISIL with Secretary Hagel and General Dempsey. Also fought back against overregulation of technology for cars at a Commerce subcommittee hearing. Enjoyed visits with Nebraskans from the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network and General Daryl Bohac, Adjutant General of the NE National Guard. Was excited to end the day with an award from Growth Energy for my commitment to renewable energy.
Questioned Sec. Hagel and Gen. Dempsey on the president's plan to defeat ISIL. I called on Congress to have a meaningful debate on the issue outside of a rushed spending bill - if that means staying in Washington longer to do our jobs, then we better do that. Our government needs to be honest with the American people on what lies ahead.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APY6Q7D6U7g&feature=youtu.be
NA
“With our closest friend and ally Canada, we can produce more energy than we use, but we can’t get to the point of energy independence without the infrastructure necessary to achieve it. ISIS is reported to be making more than a million dollars a day selling oil from the land it occupies in the Middle East. Energy infrastructure projects are too important to our economy and our national security to be dragged out, virtually for years in the case of the Keystone XL pipeline. We need a process that is fact-based and transparent, a process that looks out for the interests of the American people now and into the future. Our bill achieves that goal.”
This week, Angels in Adoption will be hosting a gala to honor those who have chosen to grow their families through adoption. I had the pleasure of meeting today native Oklahoman, Shelley Cadamy, who will be recognized at the event tomorrow night for opening her heart and home to three children who had once been in the foster care system. Shelley is passionate about foster care and adoption, especially of older children who are often overlooked because of their age. Shelley is not only an anchor for her kids, but a resource and guide through her personal blog for those in and beyond Oklahoma interested in adopting from the foster care system. Thank you, Shelley Cadamy, for your commitment to children in need of a loving family.
Today the President will announce plans to deploy 3,000 U.S. troops to Africa to aid in the Ebola virus outbreak. I want our military to be capable of leading and aiding others with our expertise, but the President can’t have it both ways by relying on our military to do it all while on the other hand slashing its budget. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-the-deployment-of-us-troops-to-africa
Today, my committee will be holding a hearing on the threat of ISIS with Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and General Martin E. Dempsey, serving as witnesses. What are some questions that you hope will get answered about the President's strategy for the region? Tune in live here: http://1.usa.gov/1xzMztZ 
Watch Senator Johnson on msnbc's Hardball with Chris Matthews yesterday discussing #ISIS and the developing situation in #Iraq.
I have had concerns for the past year with the proposed tactic of arming Syrian rebels after hearing testimony from our own Intelligence and Defense leaders that what we refer to as the "moderate rebels" are fragmented, decentralized, lacking in common goals or leadership, and their memberships are fluid.  President Obama hardly a month ago called the idea of arming Syrian rebels "a fantasy" that was "never in the cards".   Now he is seeking authorization to arm them.  When asked about the President's comments, Secretary Hagel did not have an explanation of what had changed about these rebels in the past month for President Obama to completely change his mind on the issue of arming them.
EPA Grants McConnell's Request: Gives Kentuckians More Time to Voice Their Concerns on Proposed Anti-Coal Rule.   “With the EPA agreeing to our request for an extension, Kentuckians will now have more time to tell the agency how the proposed regulation will affect them.  It will also allow more time to accurately assess the damage that such a terrible, unprecedented rule would have on our state, particularly on Kentucky’s miners and their families and those who otherwise rely on coal for their livelihood,” Senator McConnell said.
I recently introduced legislation – the Toxic Exposure Research Act – that would establish a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of descendants of individuals exposed to toxins such as Agent Orange in Vietnam, Gulf War neurotoxins, burn pits in Iraq and other chemicals from overseas conflicts. I am pleased to share that our efforts led to introduction of companion legislation (H.R. 5484) in the U.S. House of Representatives today by Congressman Dan Benishek, M.D., of Michigan and Congressman Mike Honda of California. I am hopeful this bipartisan and bicameral legislation will continue to receive support by Members of Congress and move through the legislative process. I encourage you to watch my remarks on the U.S. Senate Floor discussing the importance of this legislation. 
The 2014 Kansas State Fair wrapped up on Sunday evening. I hope you had the opportunity to attend and experience the exciting rides, wonderful food, educational exhibit halls and livestock barns. I encourage you to watch this video, which is a great recap of the annual, 10-day celebration of our state.
This afternoon I will participate in a Senate hearing on the response to the Ebola health crisis in West Africa. One of the witnesses will be Dr. Kent Brantly, an American missionary physician who was successfully treated for Ebola in the United States. Ebola can be stopped, but to do so requires both effective containment action and basic medical care. Please take the time to read my CNN op-ed about the international response and U.S. coordination needed to stop the spread of infection. Ebola does not have to be a death sentence, but leadership and global cooperation are required to meet this serious challenge.
Today is the first ever National Laboratory Day, and representatives from all the Department of Energy National Labs came to DC to talk about the amazing work they’re doing. When Alaskan families come to DC, oftentimes they get a tour of the monuments or the Capitol.  But if you’re thinking about a trip elsewhere in the Lower 48, I’d suggest putting a lab tour on your list.  After touring the exhibit with Energy Secretary Moniz, I shared my thoughts about our country’s National Lab system. 
Reminder to those in and around Anchorage concerned about the VA healthcare system: there is a town hall meeting at the Loussac Library tonight to give you a chance to share your thoughts and stories. Claims representatives will be available after the meeting to  provide one-on-one assistance. 
Talk about impressive---David Johnston of Willow started his 360 mile run today from Anchorage to Fairbanks. I caught up with David last month in Palmer when he told me about this run he’s doing to promote health. Way to go David!!
It's past time the President developed a comprehensive plan to stop the Ebola outbreak before it takes more lives. I wrote an op-ed about the need for U.S. leadership on this issue of public health and national security: 
The Government Accountability Office has confirmed a concern I share with many Kansans: federal taxpayer dollars are being used to pay for over 1000 insurance plans that cover abortion. I have introduced the Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act to require plans offered in the exchange to prominently disclose whether their plan provides abortion coverage.  
The EPA has overstepped their authority too much as it is. I have joined Senators John Thune and Mike Johanns in introducing a bill to stop the EPA from garnishing wages to collect (potentially dubious) fines without a court's approval. 
Tune in: Senator Rubio and Sean Hannity discuss Obama’s strategy to deal with ISIL tonight at 10:00pm on Fox News
I recently joined 52 of my colleagues in calling on EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy to provide a 60-day extension for the public comment period on the EPA’s proposed rule to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plants.  I remain deeply concerned that the EPA’s proposal would impose enormous costs and burdens on Alabama workers and their families.  Read our letter here:  http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/files/serve?File_id=ec4dd395-e005-49d4-9763-705ea3057f7e&SK=A16EDA4BFACFF72501A241BE76CFF584
NA
In the wake of Sen. Sessions' recent remarks outlining the difficult conditions facing US workers, the following op-ed from one of the nation's top academics appeared in US News and World Report.  The author said in part:   "The highly profitable IT industry, for example, is devoting millions to convince Congress and the White House to provide its employers with more low-cost, foreign guestworkers instead of trying to attract and retain employees from an ample domestic labor pool of native and immigrant citizens and permanent residents. Guestworkers currently make up two-thirds of all new IT hires, but employers are demanding further increases. If such lobbying efforts succeed, firms will have enough guestworkers for at least 100 percent of their new hiring and can continue to legally substitute these younger workers for current employees, holding down wages for both them and new hires.” 
Honored to present Dan Cruver from Travelers Rest with the Angels in Adoption award in Washington this morning.
Today, on the 100th anniversary of the founding of the VFW in Pittsburgh, I had the pleasure of meeting with members of the Veterans of Foreign Wars National Legislative Committee. We need to do more to help veterans find good healthcare and #jobs.
Today, the #VFW is celebrating its 100th Anniversary in Pittsburgh.  Last month, I was proud to recognize this momentous occasion and all of the terrific work the VFW Department of Pennsylvania and its fellow chapters across the country do in the Senate.  
NA
Honored to pin Mr. Mendell Thompson and his grandson Aaron at today's #AngelsinAdoption ceremony.
