This weekend Senator Alexander spoke at the 25th anniversary of the Clinch-Powell Resource Conservation and Development Council with U.S. Representative Jimmy Duncan and Council Chairman Cherry Acuff of Grainger County.
Senator Ayotte took to the Senate floor today to honor the life and legacy of fallen New Hampshire Marine, Lance Corporal Brandon Garabrant of Greenfield, who was tragically killed in Afghanistan last week.  Video of her floor remarks here: 
Senator Ayotte released this statement following the president’s announcement that he will award the Medal of Honor to Ryan M. Pitts of Nashua, a former active duty Army Staff Sergeant, for his heroic actions during the battle of Wanat in Afghanistan in 2008: “New Hampshire is tremendously proud of Staff Sergeant Pitts for earning the Medal of Honor.  He showed extraordinary courage in combat, selflessly risking his life for his fellow soldiers.  It is the bravery and self-sacrifice of service members like Staff Sergeant Pitts who secure our freedom and way of life.  I join our entire nation in congratulating him for this prestigious and well-deserved honor.”
Great talking with participants of the 2014 Missouri Girls State in Warrensburg this afternoon via Skype. Congratulations to each of you for being selected to participate in this year’s Missouri Girls State - a terrific program that provides important lessons in leadership and debate. #MGS14
I am very pleased that the Sudanese court has reportedly cancelled Meriam Ibrahim’s death sentence and ordered her release. Meriam, the wife of an American citizen who gave birth in jail and has been imprisoned with her two young children, was previously sentenced to death after refusing to disavow her Christian faith. I continue to urge U.S. officials to work quickly and use all resources available to immediately provide Meriam and her family with safe haven in the United States. #SaveMeriam 
Thanks for participating in our first Facebook Q&A.
I'm here to answer your questions in a LIVE Q&A. Send me your questions
Join me for a Facebook Q&A at 12:30 p.m. CT
My speech from this afternoon on the IRS scandal. When a so-called independent agency of the federal government attacks average American citizens for expressing their beliefs, a fundamental trust is broken. This trust must be restored.
NA
Op-Ed: We rely on our highways to get goods to markets both at home and abroad.  We rely on them to get to work and school.  We rely on them for recreation and tourism.  We rely on them to help grow our economy.  In a nation and state as expansive as ours, we cannot afford to be lax in the upkeep of our transportation infrastructure.  That is why it is important that Congress periodically review federal transportation infrastructure policy and make any necessary changes to ensure it is meeting America’s needs while not overspending. 
Senator Collins spoke during YouthBuild's graduation ceremony in Biddeford on Saturday.  
Enjoyed speaking to Texans and other folks in town for the Faith & Freedom Coalition last week
June 20th, 2014
June 20th, 2014
Greatly encouraged by reports that Meraim Ibrahim and her babies will be freed. Keep praying for their safe arrival in the United States and continue to speak out for religious liberty across the globe.
We are witnessing a humanitarian crisis unfolding that is the direct consequence of President Obama’s lawlessness. We just toured this Air Force facility, where up to 1,200 children are being cared for… but they have come through harrowing circumstances.  When the President of the United States prevents the Border Patrol from following the law, and enforcing our immigration laws, when the President of the United States announces to the world amnesty for those who have broken the law, the consequence is people respond to that, and the way they respond to that is handing over their children to drug dealers and vicious cartels.  This is heartbreaking, but we need to act to stop it by number one finally securing the border and number two, by not offering amnesty which only incentivizes more and more people to violate the law and in this instance endanger the safety and lives of their kids.
The latest reminder we need a special prosecutor with real independence to investigate the #IRS scandal -- NOW! 
In Wyoming, water is sacred and an integral part of our lives. The EPA’s new regulations could affect every stream, pond, or puddle. I joined Senator John Barrasso in introducing legislation to stop this out of control agency from taking over all private water in the United States. We will fight any attempt by the federal government to have complete control of our water rights and dictate what we can or cannot do with water on our private property. 
Visit USDA's new website designed specifically for beginning farmers and ranchers. 
In every generation, a group of young men and women take on the important responsibility of producing food, fiber and fuel for America and the world. For that reason we worked to include programs and policies in the new Farm Bill that would help beginning farmers and ranchers during those difficult early years. The policy changes and new tools now available to young farmers will help secure the future of U.S. agriculture, which supports 16 million jobs and provides Americans with the highest quality, least expensive food supply in the world.
The Air Force can make BACN permanent by using existing facilities at Grand Forks Air Force Base, minimizing costs while retaining a critical communications capability important to our national defense. In addition to the BACN mission and the Global Hawk Block 20, Grand Forks Air Force Base already hosts the Global Hawk Block 40 and is preparing to lease additional space at the base for contractor operations. That creates opportunity to locate BACN-related contractors to Grand Sky at minimal expense.
The State Department has confirmed with my office that Meriam Ishag is being released from prison, where she was ordered by the Sudanese government to be executed for peacefully practicing her Christian faith. She was first imprisoned while she was pregnant with her second child, who has since been born and has remained in prison with Meriam and her 21-month-old son. On June 4, the Senate passed my resolution with Senator Marco Rubio condemning the death sentence of Meriam. I also wrote a letter to Sec. Kerry asking for the United States to explore granting her and her family political asylum. My office is maintaining close contact with the Administration to help ensure Meriam is released into a safe environment and that she and her children are quickly reunited with her husband. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/sudan/10920067/Sudanese-woman-sentenced-to-death-for-apostasy-to-be-freed.html
I am pleased that #SCOTUS has made clear that the EPA may not regulate all forms of greenhouse gas regulations.  Under this administration, the #EPA has consistently pushed the limits of its already broad powers.  The Court’s decision shows that the judiciary will impose at least some limitations on that power, but much remains to be done and Congress must continue to carefully oversee the executive branch’s use of regulatory power.
NOAA reports a serious earthquake out in the Aleutians has triggered a tsunami warning for coastal Alaska.  If you or a friend lives in on the coast, please be careful and head for higher ground!
Though my current great group of interns (pictured) are here for another week, today I announced my second session that will arrive in July: Rebecca Carney-Braveman and Sarah Pherson of Fairbanks; Annika Graham and Evyn Ysais of North Pole; Izabella Powers of Juneau; Diane Murph of Petersburg; Amber Vernon of Unalaska; Nathan Sidell of Palmer; Marcus Gamble of Eagle River; and Samuel Ortiz of Ketchikan.
Fresh air, good weather and great exercise!  Verne and I celebrated Solstice Weekend by hiking Flattop.
Pleased to announce my D-Day prayer bill is headed to the President for signature. At no cost to taxpayers, my bill will immortalize President Roosevelt's extraordinary D-Day prayer on the World War II Memorial so it becomes a permanent reminder of the sacrifice of not just those who fought in World War II, but also of the men and women who fight for us today.
This is a huge win for civil liberties: Friend and ally Congressman Thomas Massie's amendment to stop unconstitutional #NSA backdoor searches passed the House of Representatives 293-123-1.  Please 'LIKE' his Facebook page and 'SHARE' his posts to spread the word.
In case you missed it, I joined David Gregory on NBC's Meet the Press to discuss the current crisis in Iraq and the restoration of voting rights for non-violent offenders.    WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bP6jUxur6Go
Here is an excerpt from Sen. Sessions new op-ed about how irresponsible immigration policies are hurting American workers and their wages:  "For too long, the immigration debate has been driven by the needs of politicians, business interests, and immigration activists who fail to appreciate that a nation owes certain obligations to its own citizens.   Consider immigration policy from the viewpoint of a middle-aged unemployed American who has to borrow gas money to drive to a job interview 100 miles away. Imagine how his or her life is affected when the company gives that open job to a temporary guest worker hired from 10,000 miles away. Imagine what any of the 58 million working-age Americans who don’t have jobs might have to say to the lawmakers and activists who claim there is a 'labor shortage'." 
Congratulations to Penn State's Ryan Patrick! Thanks for all your hard work on the Penn State Dance Marathon!
I am thrilled at the news of Meriam Yahia Ibrahim’s release after being wrongfully imprisoned.
Wicker Report | In an economy desperate for growth, a regulatory onslaught is the wrong way to encourage jobs and investment. Onerous federal mandates and requirements ultimately saddle consumers with higher prices and leave job creators with more uncertainty.
