At 10 a.m. TODAY, the Senate HELP committee will mark up the legislation introduced by Sens. Harkin, Alexander, Roberts, and Franken to make clear the compounding oversight responsibilities of state and federal authorities. Ranking Member Alexander said: “My primary goal with this legislation is to erase the confusion over who regulates pharmacies and manufacturing facilities, and make it clear exactly who oversees each business. Putting one agency on the flagpole for each of these businesses will mean greater safety for American families, so they don’t have to question whether the drugs they take are safe.”
 LIVESTREAM of the hearing will be available here: http://www.help.senate.gov/hearings/hearing/?id=96c56d5d-5056-a032-52c5-e7208991a71a
Great news for New Hampshire!
We’ve seen remarkable recovery efforts in Joplin during the two years since the deadly tornado. Watch my remarks on the Senate floor today marking the 2-year anniversary.
More American energy means more American jobs. Missouri relies overwhelming on coal as a safe and affordable power source, which is why I joined my Missouri colleagues in the House to call on President Obama to stop targeting new construction of coal fired power plants.
As we mark the 2nd anniversary of the devastating Joplin tornado today, my heart goes out to all the victims and their families in Oklahoma. Americans are resilient, and I’m confident we will rally together to help those impacted by the Oklahoma tornado.
Someone needs to be held accountable. This is not a time for excuses. It is a time for leadership. Watch my speech on the Senate floor this morning on the IRS abuses.
NA
NA
VIDEO: Yesterday, I asked U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew if he thought the IRS targeting just happened. Watch the exchange and tell me what you think.
News Release: The FDA is joining a long list of federal agencies pushing costly regulations on Idaho farmers, which is why Senator Jim Risch and Michigan Congressman Dr. Dan Benishek and I have introduced the SCRAP Act, or Stopping Costly Regulations Against Produce, in the U.S. House and Senate.  This legislation would defund the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) proposed fresh produce rule.  This rule will have a major impact on Idaho’s agriculture community by driving up costs on small and mid-sized farmers, leading to significant drops in food production and higher prices.  I have offered the bill as an amendment to the Farm Bill and will continue to work with colleagues to get a vote.
In case you missed it, here's a link to tonight's NBC Nightly News story.  More to come on this issue tomorrow.  We'll keep you updated!  http://www.nbcnews.com/video/nightly-news/51970434
Senator Collins is scheduled to be on NBC Nightly News tonight at 6:30 discussing her efforts in Congress to combat sexual assault in the military.  Watch for it - and we'll post a link to the story once it's online.
Newsmax: Cornyn Creates Online Hotline for TX Groups Targeted by IRS:
Cornyn Introduces Bill to Curb Abusive Patent Litigation:
Cornyn Pushes to Ban All Iranian Government Exports:
Cornyn Op-Ed: Military Strength Depends on Stopping Sexual Assaults:
Why I voted against the Gang of Eight's immigration reform bill in the Senate Judiciary Committee:
When sequestration was only one month away, the FAA’s leadership ignored specific guidance from the transportation secretary and awarded salary bonuses. I joined Senator Barrasso and fellow Republican senators in writing a letter to the FAA administrator expressing our concern that these reports once again indicate both a lack of sound business management and a failure by the FAA to adequately plan for implementation of sequestration. Click the link below to read the letter.
My colleagues on the Senate Judiciary Committee voted to pass the immigration reform bill last night. I know that the bill – which reflects a compromise between Republicans and Democrats – needs work. In order to pass both the Senate and the House, and, more important, to help finally fix our country’s immigration problems, the bill still has a long way to go. But allowing this bill to be considered with a full and open amendment process significantly strengthened it. Considering the bill on the Senate floor in the same way will make it stronger still.   I just wanted to take a moment to post this brief update, and to say that I’m proud to be a part of this process. Now – onward.
Today U.S. Senator Mike Johanns and I introduced legislation to authorize the U.S. Treasury to mint commemorative coins celebrating Boys Town’s 100th anniversary. Nebraska is proud to be the home of this wonderful child and family services organization committed to helping those in need. This commemorative coin will highlight Boys Town’s positive impact on communities and families nationwide. Learn more here:
In case you missed it, I spoke on the Senate floor this morning to discuss the many unanswered questions surrounding the IRS scandal, Department of Justice's overreach in surveilling reporters, and the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi. It's time for answers, “Like” and “Share” if you agree. Here’s the video of my floor speech:
Will be a guest tonight, Wednesday, on Fox News Channel ‘On the Record’ with Greta Van Susteren at 10:20 pm responding to a White House call issued last weekend by Senior Advisor Dan Pfeiffer for Republicans to apologize to Ambassador Susan Rice.  Pfeiffer said, "And so hopefully we can put this all behind us, and I -- frankly I think that many of the Republicans who have been talking about this, now that they have seen the emails, owes Ambassador Rice an apology for the things they said about her in the wake of the attack."
Always an honor to meet with veterans from South Carolina visiting our nation's capital.
My resolution expressing concerns about the Iranian nuclear threat and making clear the United States will stand with Israel should any future conflict arise, is set to be debated and voted on today in the Senate (4pm debate, 5pm vote).    Our bond with Israel is deep and we have no better friend in that part of the world.    Last year President Obama told the people of Israel, ‘We have your back.’ This resolution builds upon that statement and makes it clear that we will stand with Israel should Israel be forced to protect itself from Iran.  Among its major provisions:  • Declares that the United States has a vital national interest in and unbreakable commitment to, ensuring the existence, survival, and security of the State of Israel.  • Reaffirms the United States support for Israel’s right to legitimate self-defense.  • Urges that if Israel is compelled to take military action in self-defense, the United States will stand with Israel and provide diplomatic, military, and economic support in its defense of its territory, people, and existence.
Immigration out of committee 13/5  I voted for '86 changes and it didn't stop illegal migration..my goal NOW make sure we secure borderFIRST
Public shld hv full story- who involved in legal Conf set-up to reveal IRS targeting. I asked IRS&Treasury in ltr last wk. ?s in hrg this AM
ICYMI: Senator Sees Farm Bill as Vehicle for IRS Health Care Law Issue http://bit.ly/168jzvY
I joined Senator Marco Rubio and Senator Ted Cruz on the Senate Floor today to explain why we object to sending the budget to a conference report.  We will lift our objections as soon as Democrats provide assurances that they won't use this process to increase the debt limit:
Will the Democrats give us an assurance that they're not going to use the budget conference report to raise the debt limit?
I recently received this film of my father, Admiral John S. McCain Jr., wishing his troops in Vietnam a Merry Christmas in 1971, when he was serving as Commander-in-Chief, U.S. Pacific Command
Fox News: Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell 'undecided' on immigration bill.
Sen. McConnell's Coal Jobs Protection Act is needed: Kentucky coal jobs at lowest level since state started counting in 1950
Read this Wichita Business Journal story on the United States Air Force' decision to select McConnell Air Force Base as the first active duty base to receive KC-46A tankers.  This selection codifies what Kansans already know — we are and will continue to be the Air Capital of the World.
McConnell Air Force Base is and will continue to be the nation’s super tanker base. I couldn't be more proud of their selection as the very first active duty base to receive KC-46A tankers – selected from 54 installations across the country. The KC-46A’s will replace the U.S. Air Force's aging fleet of KC-135 Stratotankers, which have been the primary refueling aircraft for more than 50 years.
McConnell Air Force Base is and will continue to be the nation’s super tanker base. I couldn’t be more proud of their selection as the very first active duty base to receive KC-46A tankers – selected from 54 installations across the country. The KC-46A’s will replace the U.S. Air Force's aging fleet of KC-135 Stratotankers, which have been the primary refueling aircraft for more than 50 years.  The process rewarded the incredible capacity and air refueling capability by our airmen at McConnell, and the efforts of many individuals and organizations including Friends of McConnell, the Wichita Chamber of Commerce, the Congressional Delegation, Wichita and Sedgwick County. This basing selection codifies what Kansans already know — we are and will continue to be the Air Capital of the World.  We will continue to lead the way in aviation and air mobility support for the United States Military at home and abroad.  Although Forbes was not selected as the National Guard KC-46A tanker base, they have more than proved their worth as a top 5 finalist and are considered to be a reasonable alternative for future rounds of KC-46A tankers.
Thank you all for the Birthday Wishes!  My DC staff threw me a little party afternoon- a great way to end a day on Capitol Hill- with German Chocolate cake!
When it comes to the US Forest Service, I feel like Alaska is stuck in the movie “Groundhog Day.”  Every year the US Forest Service agrees to work with us, and every year we receive excuses.  Now, the Forest Service wants to take back money it’s already given to Alaska schools.   No, I just can’t go back to the schools in Wrangell and ask for vital money back that amounts to a drop in the bucket for the federal government.  Today, I demanded answers from USFS officials:
Joined CNBC's Squawkbox gang this morning to talk about overhaul of antiquated and complex tax code & growing IRS scandal.
Visited with some Redhawks from Miami University in my office this morning -- future leaders with lots of opinions.
Today, I introduced the Preserving Freedom from Unwarranted Surveillance Act of 2013. This bill would protect an individual's right to privacy against unwarranted drones.
This Saturday, May 25, my wife Kelley and I will present SGT J.D. Williams and his family with the keys to their new home. SGT Williams lost both of his legs and an arm to an IED bomb in 2010 while serving his country in Afghanistan. Helping a Hero partnered with Bennie Jones and Larkin Ritter to build a fully handicapped accessible home. I hope many can join us in welcoming the Williams family home!
Congrats to McConnell AFB, the biggest & best tanker base in the world, for securing the new tanker mission!    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYk8v9WbkSY&feature=youtu.be
Today the Senate HELP Committee approved our bill to protect patients and improve compounding pharmacy regulation. The bill now goes to the senate floor for debate and a vote.
We can all see what happened, the problem is no one is taking responsibility. Like and share if you agree.
Stronger Immigration Bill Headed To The Senate Floor After Judiciary Committee Amendments: http://1.usa.gov/168qeGk  There were 301 amendments filed to improve S. 744 submitted to the Senate Judiciary Committee. Out of the 161 amendments discussed in the committee, 93 were added to the bill. There is still room for improvement, but several important steps were taken to improve security and protect American jobs and workers.
Sessions: "This will be a hammer blow to the wages and employment opportunities of American workers—both immigrant and native born... This bill is bad for workers, bad for taxpayers and—as immigration officers have pleaded for us to hear—a threat to public safety and the rule of law."
The Gang of Eight immigration bill passed out of committee this evening. Here are some excerpts of Sessions' statement in opposition:  “During the course of this markup, we have conclusively established that this legislation fails to live up to every major promise of its sponsors. Ironically, the only promise the sponsors of this legislation have kept is their promise to block any attempts to improve the proposal. As a result, we are left with legislation that is fundamentally unchanged and fatally flawed. It will not become law.  First, on security: The core promise from this bill’s sponsors was that it would be enforcement first. But, we now know it is legalization first. And the future enforcement provisions actually represent a weakening of laws previously enacted by Congress.  For instance…  … The ICE Council, and sheriffs across the nation, have written to Congress warning that this bill would be “a significant barrier to the creation of a safe and lawful system of immigration.” The letter also notes: “Congress can and must take decisive steps to limit the discretion of political appointees and empower ICE and CBP to perform their respective missions and enforce the laws enacted by Congress. Rather than limiting the power of those political appointees within DHS, S. 744 provides them with nearly unlimited discretion, which will serve only to further cripple the law enforcement missions of these agencies.”  A second immigration enforcement union—United States Citizenship and Immigration Services—has also come out against the bill, warning: “like the ICE Council, the USCIS Council was not consulted in the crafting of the Gang of Eight’s legislation. Instead, the legislation was written with special interests—producing a bill that makes the current system worse, not better. S. 744 will damage public safety and national security and should be opposed by lawmakers.”  What about the cost to taxpayers? Along with Ranking Member Grassley and Senator Roberts, I sent a detailed request for long-term cost estimates to the Gang of Eight.  No such estimates have been provided.  According to the nation’s leading welfare expert—Robert Rector—it will add $6.4 trillion to our long-term debt.  What about the promise that illegal aliens would not be eligible for federal benefits? In just the last 24 hours, this committee has rejected three amendments – including two I offered—to prevent illegal aliens from getting means-tested financial assistance.   Finally, and most importantly, I would like to talk about the impact on American workers. Sponsors of this legislation have said it will not significantly increase total immigration levels. But we have conclusively demonstrated that this bill would legalize 30 million immigrants over ten years and provide legal status to many millions more temporary workers. This will be a hammer blow to the wages and employment opportunities of American workers—both immigrant and native born…  This bill is bad for workers, bad for taxpayers and—as immigration officers have pleaded to us—a threat to public safety and the rule of law. It serves the special interests at the expense of the national interest.  Therefore, I must oppose.”
May 22, 2013
IRS official Lois Lerner gave an opening statement with her side of the story to a Congressional committee this morning, but then invoked the 5th amendment and refused to answer questions from committee members.This lack of transparency is absolutely unacceptable.
Crop insurance is billed as a safety net, but with no cap, it’s wasteful corporate welfare.
1:3 The ratio of jobs saved to jobs lost from our wasteful government sugar program.
I questioned Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke today on monetary policy, the debt ceiling & the Swaps Regulatory Improvement Act.
As Memorial Day approaches, let’s not forget that numerous Pennsylvanians in all services continue to be in harm’s way. In the Pennsylvania National Guard alone, more than 2,000 men and women are serving overseas.
Today, I joined Senators Coburn and Burr in an effort to prevent the federal government from committing excessive taxpayer money to expand state Medicaid programs by co-sponsoring the “Preventing an Unrealistic Future Medicaid Augmentation Plan (FMAP) Act.”  This bill repeals the provision in Obamacare obligating already scarce federal taxpayer dollars from being used for Medicaid expansion. The irresponsible spending in Washington must stop, and it is time for a national conversation about our priorities and actual ability to fund entitlement programs.  You can read the full press release below.
I am pleased the Senate has passed a bill, which I cosponsored, to authorize the award of the Congressional Gold Medal to members of the Civil Air Patrol, whose volunteer efforts aided national security during World War II. Many of these veterans, who were unpaid volunteers, flew their personal aircraft at their own expense to protect our freedoms.   You can read the full press release below.
