104 degrees in Austin
Failing to learn the lessons of Obamacare, that purely partisan measures will not work, Sen. Reid prepares to double down on the Nuclear Option, which disenfranchise the minority.
Great news: the Texas Senate has finally passed HB 2. Thanks for standing for life!
Whether because of pride, politics or a genuine belief that the government knows best, many of the authors of President Obama’s health care law stubbornly cling to an idea that is so massive, burdensome, bureaucratic and confusing that it’s collapsing under its own weight. By dismantling the worst parts of this law first and replacing them with reforms that actually work, we can take steps to create positive changes in the law. Fixing our health care system doesn’t have to be the divisive and partisan issue it became in 2010 when half of America was ignored. If we approach this in a more practical, rather than a political way, we should be able to make things better. Good policy is good politics. To watch the the GOP weekly address I gave for this week, please click the link below.
If u want history u won't get it on the History Channel rite now. So turn to Iowa public TV and u can get history of Austro-HungarianEmpire
33:59 My time 5K BeaverCreekDays festival at newhartford  Iowa. Donations went to FoodBank
Name of SEAL hero Rockford honored w statue is Jon T (JT) Tumilson  this was life size statue of JT and dog Hawkeye
Rockford Iowa honor SEAL hero killed in action w Bronze Statue of him and dog Hawkeye in local park I attended funeral months ago
Tonite attended opening ceremony of Butler County Relay for Life(fight cancer) inAllison  Barbara Grassley  is a survivor  both of us help
Senator Mitch McConnell enjoyed participating in the Campbellsville - Taylor County parade today in Kentucky.
I had a blast competing in the Slippery Salmon Olympics- although I had some trouble with the Coke can at the beginning, my partner Susie Gorski make sure out team finished strong.  Even though we didn't win, I love running this uniquely Alaskan obstacle course any time I'm at the Bear Paw Festival!  Carrying that chum salmon in the summer heat was the perfect appetizer for my delicious salmon quesadilla afterward.
An absolutely beautiful day for a parade! So happy to be spending the day at the Bear Paw Festival in Eagle River - the parade now, then some great food before I compete in the Slippery Salmon Olympics. Stop by and say hi if you're in the area!
