LIKE or SHARE if you think “the American people need their trust restored – not more federal overreach.”   Today Sen. Alexander was among a group of senators that sent a letter to the Internal Revenue Service calling for the agency to reconsider proposed regulations Alexander said “are so broad they could limit free speech.” Letter HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1eNKHhr
Congratulations to Manchester's Puritan Backroom restaurant on 40 years as a favorite New Hampshire family destination!  
NA
Tomorrow, a member of my staff will visit Pulaski and Carroll Counties to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency. Details below:   Thursday, February 20    What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Winamac Time: 9:00 a.m. – 11:00 a.m. EST Location: Pulaski County Public Library: 121 S. Riverside Dr. Winamac, IN 46996  What: Senator Coats’ staff to host office hours in Delphi Time: 1:00 p.m. – 3:00 p.m. EST Location: Delphi Public Library: 222 E. Main St, Delphi 46923
On this day of closure, my thoughts are with the Koehl family and the lasting legacy Alicia leaves behind.
Congrats again to the Indianapolis International Airport on being named the best airport in North America 
NA
Joined other members of the Idaho Congressional delegation and leadership of the US Forest Service Region 4 at a policy forum to discuss collaborative efforts for forest restoration.
On Monday, I joined Senator Jim Risch and Representative Raul Labrador to congratulate this year’s Idaho service academy nominees at a special ceremony in Meridian.  We are very proud of this year’s nominees and expect to hear many great things about them going forward. 
Great turnout at tonight’s townhall meeting in Nampa—thanks to all those that came out and participated. #idpol #treasurevalley #idaho
Looking forward to the townhall meeting tonight at the College of Western Idaho. Starts at 7PM MST.
NA
NA
Argo Marketing is in the midst of a major rehabilitation of the McCrory's building, bringing hundreds jobs back to downtown Lewiston!   Senator Collins, here with CEO Jason Levesque, toured the facility today and had a great time meeting the workers.
2/11/14
Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passion, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence." -- John Adams (1735-1826) Founding Father, 2nd US President
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Senator Corker discussed his work in the Senate, his career in business, and his path to public service with C-SPAN’s Steve Scully. Watch the "American Profile" interview here: http://cs.pn/1bLGNLS.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will discuss Volkswagen Chattanooga’s rejection of the UAW with Bill Hemmer on Fox News Channel’s America’s Newsroom this morning around 9:05 a.m. ET.
The people of Ukraine need to know that the free world stands with them as they protest the actions of President Viktor Yanukovych designed to destroy their constitutional rights and drive their country into the sphere of influence of Vladimir Putin’s resurgent Russia.  For more than two months, protestors have refused to compromise their principles and braved not only terrible cold but also the increasingly draconian tactics Yanukovych has deployed to intimidate them.  In an attempt to break the resistance, more than two dozen have been killed and hundreds more injured in recent days.   The world cannot afford to be distracted by the Olympic festivities in Sochi as just next door liberty-seeking Ukrainians are brutalized by their own government.  A free and prosperous Ukraine is a natural partner for the United States and our European allies.  We should be defending our interests in Ukraine both by quickly imposing economic sanctions against the government officials responsible for human rights abuses and by offering mutually-beneficial economic cooperation in the event that real democratic reforms are implemented.  More than two decades ago, Ukraine finally threw off the yoke of Soviet domination and embarked on a path towards greater integration with the west.  Yanukovych has tried to reverse this progress and return the country to the old patterns of autocracy and oppression.  The United States should fulfill its historic tradition of speaking out forcefully on behalf of those who cry out for freedom and against those who would silence them.
We're on the verge of an American Energy Renaissance that can allow millions of families to achieve the American Dream -- if the government doesn't get in the way.
Spindletop. A place that reminds us of how entrepreneurs ushered in a new era of prosperity for Texas and America.
While the top concern amongst Americans continues to be a lack of jobs, the Obama Administration appears to be waging a war on them. #MakeDCListen
Know a Wyoming high school student who would be interested in being a Senate Page this summer in Washington, D.C.? Have them apply at the link below. The page program provides a front row seat to debates in the Senate. It’s a unique experience for any participant, which they will carry with them forever. The deadline is March 5. Applicants must have completed their sophomore year, be 16 or 17 on or before the date of appointment, and must have a minimum grade point average of 3.0. 
Great afternoon in Lincoln today. I toured the Zoetis Animal Health facility to learn more about their contributions to animal medicine. Later, I spoke to a politics class at UNL about my experience in the Senate as a woman.
Thanks to the Nebraska chapter of the American Council of Engineering Companies for inviting me to speak at their annual Engineering Excellence Awards last night in Omaha. Wonderful to hear about the accomplishments of hardworking Nebraskans in this important field.
Read about the Keystone XL pipeline in Senator Grassley's Q&A. 
Osage HS, Q&A w. 180 students Topics-education, Obamacare, partisanship, climate change, min wage, gay marriage, food stamps, FarmBill, debt
Hampton Rotary Q&A-26 ppl Topics-Judiciary Committee work, executive orders, taxing credit unions, overregulation, Obamacare, EPA, Farm Bill
Fort Dodge HS student career day Spoke 2 and answered Qs from students interested in govt & politics. Participated w local officials
Titan Machinery in Williams-Q&A w 32 ppl Topics-Deficit, FarmBill, unemployment,Obamacare,CommonCore, ExecOrders, partisanship, MinWage, RFS
Northwood Q&A-26 ppl. Topics-DefenseAuth, executive orders, filibuster, CitizensUnited, FarmBill, ethanol, debt, marijuana, fracking, immig
The Internet has opened our access to the world in exciting and unprecedented ways. This is a good thing, enabling Americans – and especially our students – to become more informed and better educated. While increased access to the web is important and beneficial, we have a responsibility to make sure students have the knowledge needed to use the Internet in a safe way. Programs like Google’s Roadshow serve as valuable resources to help students get the most out of online resources while staying out of danger.
It amazes me how quiet the environmentalists have been with the White House allowing Iran’s oil sales to grow and flourish, yet they work tirelessly to squelch our energy opportunities in North America and among our allies. Just look at Secretary Kerry’s statement on their behalf this weekend that climate change is the new ‘weapon of mass destruction’. All the while, the United States is loosening sanctions on Iran while Iran maintains their resources to develop and launch a nuclear weapon — the real weapon of mass destruction — that could hit the East Coast by next year. http://dailycaller.com/2014/02/18/bedford-why-do-environmentalists-prefer-iran-to-canada/ 
If you talk to Oklahoma's farmers and ranches, and ask them what their greatest obstacles currently are, they will tell you it’s the overregulation by the EPA.  Congress has defeated costly CO2 legislation for 12 years, but now the President is bypassing Congress and doing through regulations what he can't get done through legislation. I appreciate the time Alva constituents gave me on Friday to speak with them and hear about their concerns.  http://www.alvareviewcourier.com/news/local/article_a1aeb6e0-9921-11e3-ab4f-0017a43b2370.html 
Yesterday, I had the opportunity to visit the new site for BAE Systems in Elgin, Oklahoma. The new equipment that will be built here by Oklahomans will help to modernize our military's weaponry. KSWO7News also joined me for a tour of the facility, which can be watched here: http://www.kswo.com/story/24759547/inhofe-surveys-recent-bae-expansion-in-elgin
On February 18th, Senator Johnson visited Wayland Academy and Mayville High School. He also held public town halls in Fond du Lac and Appleton.
SPOILER ALERT: Find out how #IL Olympian Aja Evans & Team USA bobsledding finished the day:   http://senatorkirk.tumblr.com
Gracie Gold takes the ice again tomorrow as she goes for gold.  Share to wish her luck!    Track all the #Illinois Olympians: http://bit.ly/il-olympics
After addressing @utahsenate I took several questions.  It looks like my bills to reform our higher education system and welfare system have caught the attention of this group, and I appreciated the opportunity to discuss these proposals with them. #utah #utleg #utpol
I am delivering my annual address to the Utah Legislature today.  You can watch my address to the Utah Senate here, which will start in a few minutes: #utpol #utleg
I had the opportunity to meet with many of Utah's county commissioners today.  I would like to thank all who came to participate in this meeting.  We had a great discussion about the fight to strengthen PILT and I appreciated the open and honest feedback they provided about the burdens of extensive federal land ownership.
I just met with the Senate Pages in the Alaska State Legislature. They are all smart, hard working kids and it was wonderful to spend some time with them before my 12th speech to the Alaska State Legislature this morning.
“Let’s stimulate the economy through pro-growth policies.” 
Around Kentucky
We had an amazing time at the Kansas Chamber annual dinner in Topeka last night. It was so great to spend time our good friend Lt. Gov Jeff Colyer, and, of course, the crowd of over 1,000 people were thrilled to hear from the keynote speaker Ben Stein.
Senator Rubio Condemns Violence In Ukraine: http://1.usa.gov/1c2JEuq  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Select Committee on Intelligence, issued the following statement today regarding the ongoing crisis in Ukraine:   “Twenty five years after the people in the then-captive nations of Eastern Europe changed world history, we again see Ukrainians taking to the streets to demand nothing more than the right to independently chart the future course of their nation and a better life for themselves and their children.     “Ukrainians have made clear that they want the opportunity to be governed free of corruption and Russian pressure. I strongly condemn the Yanukovych government resorting to violence rather than dialogue and compromise with the opposition.   “I urge the Obama Administration to use every diplomatic means at its disposal, including sanctions, to bring accountability to those involved in acts of violence throughout Ukraine. It’s also imperative that the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Congress move quickly to approve the Global Human Rights Act, which would strengthen the President’s ability to impose these punishments.    “Ukraine’s future lies in Europe, not Vladimir Putin’s Russia. America stands with those who seek freedom even at great risk to their own security. The world is watching the Yanukovych government’s response.” 
In the first two months of 2014, Senator Shelby is visiting businesses in each of Alabama’s sixty-seven counties as part of his statewide jobs and industry tour.   Since 1987, the beginning of Shelby’s first term in the U.S. Senate, he has held more than 1,800 county visits in Alabama.
Sen. Sessions comments on Remington’s expansion to Alabama:  "Remington's decision is great news and a further testament to the world class workforce in Huntsville. This plant will create good-paying manufacturing jobs for thousands of workers. We warmly welcome Remington Arms and look forward to their success and presence for years to come."
Education and job skills training are keys to ensuring every American has the opportunity to succeed. My CHOICE Act (through school choice) and SKILLS Act (by eliminating duplication and waste in job training programs) tackle these important issues.
Congratulations to the Easton Area High School Red Rovers marching band.  They are going to be performing at the Orange Bowl! http://bit.ly/1d0pW2s
Yesterday, Congressman Joe Pitts and I toured Reading Hospital. Visits like these help us make informed judgments back in Washington.
