Hoisington: unprecedented sluggishness of our present economic environment. The 1.8% average rise in the thirteen years of this century is less than half of the 3.8% growth rate since 1790. The only decade that witnessed worse economic conditions was, of course, the 1930s.
Should you pay more than POTUS? "The Obamas paid an effective tax rate of 18.4 percent on more than $608,000 in adjusted gross income earned in 2012. Last year, their rate was 20.5 percent."
Kudos to Sen. Rubio for appearing on 7 Sunday morning talk shows (!!!!)  to speak about immigration reform
Going on Fox News Sunday this morning, hope you can watch.
SHARE if you stand against a national gun registry!
Beretta in Md Magpul in Co Colt in Conn each gun manufacturing c antigun leglation in state MOVE TO IOWA we r not antigun welcome rite to wk
Rubio: Immigration Must Be A Transparent And Open Debate: http://1.usa.gov/Yntoxh
Rubio: The Toughest Border Security And Enforcement Measures In U.S. History: http://1.usa.gov/131ebJf
Rubio: A Real Cost Estimate Must Account For Immigration's Positive Contributions: http://1.usa.gov/114rVMG
Sessions issued the following statement today:  “When the Gang of Eight was first formed a publicly stated principle was the enforcement would come first—before legalization. Today, on the Sunday shows, Gang of Eight members admitted that they abandoned this principle and that, in fact, legalization—or amnesty—would come first. This proposal offers immediate legalization with unfulfilled promises of enforcement in the future. This is contrary to the commitment they made to the American people and raises the same core problem as the 2007 proposal that was rejected by the American people. This should not surprise given that Gang of Eight has refused to meet with ICE officers while consulting with the special interests. The proposal will not stand up to scrutiny.  Another area of great concern in this proposal is the impact it will have on low-income Americans and those individuals and communities suffering from chronic underemployment. The guest worker program in this proposal represents only a fraction of the increase in legal foreign workers that will be rapidly introduced. Including those illegal immigrants that are legalized, this bill, over ten years, will result in at least 30 million new foreign workers—more than the entire population of Texas. While this may mean lower wages for the business lobby, and more political power for AFL-CIO leadership, it will be bad for American workers—union and non-union. And it will expose taxpayers to enormous long-term costs, including trillions in unfunded liabilities for Medicare and Social Security from which low-wage foreign workers will draw more benefits than they pay in. These programs need strengthening, not further weakening.”
NA
Public safety and Second Amendment Rights are very serious issues. But sometimes it's ok to laugh. http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/gun-control-cold-open/n35538/
On the set of Face the Nation with Sen. Manchin.
Did you know:  The Public Safety and 2nd Amendment Rights Protection Act protects gun owners from arrest or detention by fixing interstate travel laws for transporting legal firearms across state lines.  You can read the bill here http://www.toomey.senate.gov/
I look forward to talking with JT and his callers tomorrow at 11 a.m.  To listen online, please visit: http://www.supertalk.fm/index.php
