NA
NA
NA
I've heard countless stories from Missourians who are rightly concerned about the impact of the president's health care law, and I shared some of these stories on the Senate floor today. Across America, people are suffering from higher health care costs, dropped coverage, and reduced hours at work thanks to ObamaCare. I hope you’ll continue sharing your questions or concerns by visiting my website at http://bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts.
Fewer than 800 Missourians have successfully signed up for the president's health care plan while millions of Americans are being forced to lose their current coverage. That's appalling, and it simply confirms what we already knew: ObamaCare is a train wreck.
Today I addressed the Senate about the importance of strengthening the security of the United States’ drug supply chain.   Click below to watch.
New info-graphic from Senate RPC: For every one person who selected an Obamacare plan—40 people received cancellation notices.
I called on the Department of Energy yesterday to support west coast liquefied natural gas (LNG) export facilities and to allow Rocky Mountain natural gas to reach Asian markets. Opening access to Asian LNG markets gives western states the opportunity to enjoy the economic benefits of LNG exports.
The Department of Health and Human Services revealed this afternoon that only 701 Hoosiers registered for health insurance plans using Healthcare.gov from October 1 through November 2. According to the Department of Health and Human Services, only 106,000 Americans were able to register for Obamacare in the first month of enrollment, falling significantly short of the administration’s expectation of 500,000 enrollees. Less than 27,000 people were able to select a plan through the federal exchange in the 36 states that do not have a state-based exchange and another 79,000 individuals were able to select plans through state-based exchanges.   These numbers are yet another sign that this law is not working for Hoosiers and Americans nationwide. Across the country, far more people have lost the health care plans they liked than have enrolled in new plans under Obamacare. This is about more than a broken website and more than a list of broken promises from the administration. This is about the lives of Hoosiers and their health care future. This health care law is fatally flawed and it will take far more than operating on the website to resuscitate it.
NA
Congrats to the 8-0 Indiana Pacers on the best start in franchise history. This group is an exciting team to watch!
Over 3.5 million Americans are receiving notice that their current health insurance is being discontinued because of Obamacare—including over 100,000 Idahoans.  As many of you will remember, the president assured the American people that if they liked their coverage they would be able to keep it. Now the American people are learning that this was simply not true, despite the many promises from the president to the contrary. Even former President Bill Clinton, a stanch supporter of the Affordable Care Act, said the president should honor the commitment and let families and individuals keep their coverage.
Senator Crapo and other members of the Budget Conference Committee are gaveling into session for the second public meeting of the committee. - Staff
Senator Collins and King urge American Airlines, US Airways to consider impact of merger on Maine airports and communities. 1.usa.gov/1dpGUJ2
It snowed in Caribou this week!  Has it snowed in your community yet?
The U.S. imported less crude oil than it produced in October, according to the Energy Information Administration, the first time in 20 years it has met that threshold.
VIDEO: Cornyn Demands Dismantling Of Obamacare Navigator Program:
Read the stories from Texans who've shared with me how Obamacare has impacted their health policies.  How is Obamacare affecting you?
106,185 people enrolled in Obamacare.  108,713 attended the 2010 NBA All-Star Game in Cowboys Stadium. #FullRepeal
I agree with Senator Rand Paul: before the Senate votes on whether to confirm Janet Yellen, we should at the very least allow a vote on the #AuditTheFed bill. The Federal Reserve has expanded our money supply by trillions, benefitting Wall Street but making life harder for millions of Americans struggling to make ends meet. Never-ending quantitative easing threatens to undermine the dollar and to drive up prices on everyday goods from food to gasoline to the basic necessities of life. We need to bring transparency to the Fed, so the American people can understand the scope and consequences of its policies.
One thing is clear: Obamacare is fundamentally flawed.   We don’t need “fixes,” we need a #FullRepeal!
Nearly 5 million Americans #HadInsurance until Obamacare...
On Nov. 14 and 15 Uinta, Sheridan and Weston County residents will have the opportunity to meet with my state staff.  On Nov. 14, Reagen Green will be at Mountain View Town Hall at 3 p.m. and in Evanston at the Uinta County Library at 5 p.m.  DeAnna Kay will be at the Dayton Tongue River Valley Community Center at 9:30 a.m. and at the Sheridan YMCA in the Whitney Room at 1 p.m.  On Nov. 15, DeAnna will be at the Upton library at 1 p.m. and at the Newcastle library at 4 p.m. I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to listen to comments and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have. For more information, call the Gillette office at 307-682-6268 or the Jackson office at 307-739-9507.
I welcomed Wyoming author and entrepreneur Lt. Col. Jason Anderson to the Senate Small Business Committee today to discuss how military personnel can better prepare themselves for civilian life.  Jason has set up and launched his own business before his military retirement.
This Administration has demonstrated a Washington-knows-best attitude no matter if it comes to your health, your business or your land. Recently Senator John Barrasso, Rep.  Cynthia Lummis, and I joined Senator Heller and a few others in asking Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell to be specific about her threat to, with the president, bypass Congress and declare certain lands off limits for various uses. Congress is made up of the duly elected representatives of the “communities and people throughout the country” she seeks to make decisions for.
I was very grateful to be the Commandant's Guest of Honor at today's 238th birthday celebration for the United States Marine Corps.
"I understand what they are telling us about destroying a chance for a peaceful outcome here by new sanctions," Graham said. "But I really do believe that if sanctions are crafted in the right way, where if the Iranians did the things we want them to do, that would be more helpful than harmful."
#MJIA needed 4 DOD women serving nation/freedom– bill wld protect Their rights, access 2 justice Sen shld passSenGillibrand reform
Obamacare: Rates continue 2 rise despite Obamacare-Law does not address underlying cost of health ins
Today, I testified at a Senate Judiciary hearing about a #privacy bill Senator Al Franken and I introduced. You can watch my testimony below. #NSA
Many men grow mustaches each November in honor of Movember, a movement designed to increase awareness about men’s health issues.  In recognition of Movember, I recently sat down with the Washington Post to talk about this worthy cause.   Check out the video, and see if you can answer the trivia question posed during the interview: http://www.washingtonpost.com/posttv/video/inplay/pk-trivia-movember-edition/2013/11/12/06668f50-4be7-11e3-9890-a1e0997fb0c0_video.html
I am excited to be participating in #Movember with my staff!
Today I urged a Senate committee to confirm Manish Shah as the newest federal judge for the Northern District of #Illinois. Watch video of my intro: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=926
Today I delivered a speech at The Heritage Foundation's anti-poverty forum to introduce several new proposals that could be part of a conservative anti-poverty agenda.  I believe the American people are poised to launch a new, bold, and heroic offensive in the war on poverty… if a renewed conservative movement has the courage to lead it.  The United States did not formally launch our War on Poverty in 1964, but in 1776: when we declared our independence, and the self-evident and equal rights of all men to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.  For more than two hundred years, the United States – through trial and error, through good times and bad – has waged the most successful war on poverty in the history of the world.  Upward mobility has never been easy. It has always and everywhere required backbreaking work, personal discipline, and at least a little luck. But if upward mobility was not universal in America, it was the norm. From our very Founding, we not only fought a war on poverty – we were winning. The tools Americans relied on to overcome poverty were what became the twin pillars of American exceptionalism: our free enterprise economy and voluntary civil society.  You can read the rest of my #BringThemIn speech here: http://www.scribd.com/doc/183919000/Bring-Them-In-Senator-Lee-Outlines-Conservative-Anti-Poverty-Agenda
I will be holding my monthly tele-townhall tonight at 7:00 p.m. MT.  You will be able to participate online, or if you would like to sign up to participate by phone, click here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
Millions of Americans have received notices that their health insurance plans have been canceled.  Thousands have been able to sign up for #Obamacare.  I am hoping to share #YourStory of how you have been impacted by Obamacare in a Senate Floor speech this week.  You can submit your story by clicking the link or posting it in the comments to this post.  If you know others who have been affected, be sure to share this with them as well:
Senator McConnell statement on #Obamacare enrollment numbers & the millions who’ve lost their health plans:  “Even with the administration’s Enron-like accounting, fewer people have signed up for Obamacare nationwide than the 280,000 who’ve already lost their plan in Kentucky as a result of Obamacare mandates. And today’s enrollment announcement will be cold comfort for the millions who’ve lost the coverage they liked and the millions more facing higher premiums. Only in Washington could placing an item in a virtual shopping cart—without even buying it—count as a sale. If private businesses used that standard, online retailers would be poised to announce their best earnings season in American history.”
Congrats to the Wichita Community for a successful public hearing in support of McConnell Air Force Base to make certain it is the new home of the KC-46A. McConnell’s preliminary selection as the Preferred Alternative for the Main Operating Base of KC-46A Tankers codifies what Kansans already know—we are and will continue to be the Supertanker base for the nation. A special thanks to the Friends of McConnell, Wichita Chamber and many others for all the hard work that went into this event.
My deepest sympathies go out to my friend Senator Jim Inhofe and his wife Kay whose son Dr. Perry Inhofe was killed over the weekend in a plane crash. Please keep their family in your thoughts and prayers.
I encourage you to read my weekly enewsletter, #KansasCommonSense: helping veterans achieve the American Dream, honoring fallen Kansas Army National Guard Soldiers, Pittsburg SSA Office Q&A Forum and more.
The President just wrapped up his address to the White House Tribal Nations Conference.  While I appreciated him acknowledging he must do better with Contract Support Costs, I am concerned that he didn’t mention Alaska Natives once.  Here’s my takeaway:
Alaskans have seen first-hand through Eielson and its F-16s that the military is trying to make critical strategic decisions based on accounting goals: that’s not good for our nation’s defense.  We need to give the Pentagon the discretion to cut the easy things like Air Force flyovers or concerts before training exercises or aircraft deployments.  If families need to readjust their budget, they go for movies and eating out first.  They don’t take 5% from books and groceries, too.  I shared my frustration about sequestration hurting our readiness today: http://1.usa.gov/1gKVEGV
I want to extend my sincere congratulations to two very special teachers in the Anchorage School District: Barbara Dexter, Secondary Teacher Specialist, and Beth Snyder, Early Childhood Teacher Specialist for ASD’s Child in Transition/Homeless Project.  Barb and Beth have dedicated their lives to ensuring Alaska’s homeless youth get the good education they deserve, and in the process, created a model that is being used as the standard of excellence around our state and the nation.  To thank them for their 20 years of work, these two amazing educators have received the Distinguished Service and Leadership award from the National Association for the Education of Homeless Children and Youth.  Congrats ladies!
Met w/ Howard Berry from Cincinnati today. His son, Army Staff Sgt. Joshua Berry, was injured during the horrible Fort Hood attack in 2009 and took his own life this past February after suffering from severe PTSD and depression. America’s veterans must receive the mental and physical healthcare they deserve, and I am proud to stand with Howard Berry and other Ohioans as we work towards that goal.
More evidence that Obamacare cannot be fixed - it must be repealed. Enrollment numbers far below Administration's expectations.
Proud to introduce the Second Chance Reauthorization Act - a successful program that supports state and local reentry programs to reduce recidivism.
Do You Think the Fourth Amendment Applies to My Visa Purchases? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9pUYnbZQIs&feature=youtu.be  Read more: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1031
#Obamacare: Roughly 27,000 have completed enrollment process, meanwhile 5 million Americans have lost their coverage.  READ: http://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2013/11/12/the-obamacare-exchange-scorecard-around-100000-enrollees-and-five-million-cancellations/ …
Earlier today, I spoke with David Brody of CBN News. Be sure to watch The Brody File for my take on the Yellen nomination, obamacare rollout and more.  http://instagram.com/p/gqqaZeIMGj/
MUST-READ: "Amazingly, in a supposedly free-market nation, QE has become the largest financial-markets intervention by any government in world history."   http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702303763804579183680751473884
It was an honor meeting the Citadel cadets from Kentucky earlier this afternoon.  http://instagram.com/p/gom2hvIME9/
Obamacare Numbers for Kansas - 371 enrolled on healthcare.gov, and more than 9,000 lost their insurance as a result of Obamacare
It was an honor to join so many fellow members of the United States Marine Corps today at the official Marine Corps birthday celebration in the U.S. Senate.  It was especailly nice to spend some time with General Amos, the Commandant of the Marine Corps. Semper Fi Marines
Senator Rubio Comments On ObamaCare Enrollment Numbers: http://1.usa.gov/185Qq3T  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding today’s announcement of ObamaCare’s enrollment numbers:   “The abysmal ObamaCare enrollment numbers are another early warning sign that this legislation is deeply flawed and ultimately cannot be fixed. Only full repeal and replacement can begin undoing the damage this law has done to people who have lost their health plans and doctors, and are paying higher out of pocket costs. There is a better way to help people obtain high quality health care and control costs, but ObamaCare is not it.”
Today, Chuck Spurlock, Sen. Sessions' longtime friend and State Director of 17 years passed away. Sessions released the following statement on the passing of Chuck, a man beloved and admired by people across the state:  “I am heartbroken over the passing of my friend and State Director, Chuck Spurlock. Chuck loved life, had high ethical and moral standards, and always reflected the best qualities of public service. He was a loyal patriot and a truly loyal friend and confidant. We spent countless hours driving the state, often into the night, talking together. He was the first person named to my Senate staff.   Chuck was one of the most knowledgeable people, perhaps the most knowledgeable person concerning politics and government in Alabama over the past 25 years. Members of our delegation in Congress, friends, office holders, and candidates throughout Alabama regularly sought his opinion and insight. His judgment was highly favored.   He loved the practical aspects of politics while being an historian and intellectual. The state staff he supervised loved him and he loved them and was constantly supportive of their work.     Chuck loved his family dearly and they him. The constant support, encouragement, and affection Phyllis and the children showed him during this difficult time was inspiring to us all. I join Chuck’s friends across every corner of Alabama mourning the passing of a great man.”
Senator Sessions made the following comments today after Speaker Boehner said he would not conference with the Senate immigration bill.  Sessions praised the announcement while also sounding a note of caution:  “Today’s announcement is an important and positive development for our nation, our people, and the Republican party. House Republicans are resisting an influence campaign and standing for the interests of the American people.  But a word of caution: the groups pushing for Gang of Eight-style legislation are well-financed and very powerful. The Gang of Eight bill’s fatal flaw was always that it answered to the special interests at the expense of the national interest. Arguably the single most destructive feature of the Senate’s immigration bill was the massive permanent surge in low-skill immigration that would reduce wages and increase unemployment. The White House and Senate Democrats shamelessly coordinated with a small cadre of CEOs to pressure House Republicans to yield.  It’s time for Republicans to tell these special interests to get lost and to be the one party that will defend the interests of the millions of low-wage Americans looking for better jobs and better wages. This is the moment for a vision to emerge centered on growth and prosperity for working Americans—not just the powerful and well-connected.”
The budget conference committee held its second public meeting this morning. Excerpts from Sen. Sessions' prepared remarks:  "I would submit to this conference committee that the evidence is beyond doubt: our nation’s current and future budget problems are the consequence of unsustainable spending levels...  The President says the problem is with the American people. They must send more money. But, Washington has no right to ask taxpayers for a single additional dollar as long as this waste and abuse of taxpayer dollars continues. This committee has an opportunity to restore the people’s trust in Congress by identifying ways to make government leaner, less wasteful, and more accountable. Would that not be a moral good—indeed, a moral imperative?"
Sen. Sessions will be on the Bill Bennett radio show this morning at about 8:05 ET to discuss immigration with guest host Peter Kirsanow of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights. Sessions and Kirsanow will address how the White House immigration plan would harm U.S. workers. Click to listen live.
I want to know how Obamacare has affected you, your family, or small business. Please share your story here: http://Republican.Senate.Gov/YourStory
My statement on the #Obamacare enrollment numbers:   Today’s enrollment numbers are further evidence that the President’s health care law is a train wreck in the making. Even more troubling are the millions who are losing health coverage they like because the President deemed those plans inadequate and failed to make good on his promise that ‘if you like your plan, you can keep it.’ To make matters worse, these newly uninsured – including many Pennsylvanians – are not able to obtain new coverage online because the #Obamacare website is not functioning adequately.    The faulty website is only the tip of the iceberg. It’s not technical glitches that will doom this system, it is the fact that the President’s health care law forces people to buy overpriced health plans they don’t want, hikes taxes, and puts important, personal health care decisions in the hands of politicians and bureaucrats instead of patients and their doctors. The whole law is unworkable.
Asking Prime Minister  Benjamin Netanyahu - בנימין נתניהו to keep Philly's Israeli consulate open. This will keep strong ties between our two nations.
Beginning in 2014, Pennsylvania will begin offering to veterans a voluntary designation on their driver’s license or identification card.    This designation may make it easier for veterans to receive benefits and discounts they have earned due to their service.  http://goo.gl/KdGyEg
