ICYMI: Sen. Alexander was on “The Mike Huckabee Show” this afternoon to talk about Obamacare and his call for Secretary Sebelius to resign. Follow this link to listen to Alexander’s full interview on the Obamacare #trainwreck: http://bit.ly/1dqk58J
NA
NA
Introducing bipartisan bill today with Senators Collins, McCaskill, and Heitkamp to help close serious gaps in government security clearance system in wake of Navy Yard tragedy and other incidents.
Today I highlighted the issues with the current formula in the Older Americans Act, something I’ve been posting about here, to my colleagues on the HELP committee. While all of them conceded that I was right and the formula is in fact broken, I was disappointed that they chose again to ignore the issue and do nothing to fix this inequity.   To read more about the current formula and what OAA is, click below.
North Carolina’s 60+ population has grown by 47% since  2000.
We're hammering out the differences between the Senate and House versions of the Farm Bill so we provide certainty to our agri-businesses with a five-year Farm Bill that includes safety nets for agriculture producers nationwide.
I joined the Senate and House Veterans Affairs’ Committee chairmen as well as representatives from many of the leading Veterans Service Organizations for a press conference this morning that focused on a bill I am sponsoring with Senator Mark Begich of Alaska (who also participated in this morning’s event) to allow Congress to pass advanced funding for key veterans’ programs. Learn more about it by following the link below.
We're joining with our colleagues and Veteran Service Organizations in a press conference to encourage expanding one-year advanced appropriations for VA discretionary accounts, like we currently do for VA health care accounts, to ensure our veterans will continue to receive the services they earned during any future funding lapses.
Yesterday I attended the Rally for American Energy Jobs outside the Capitol. I was joined by families across the United States, including several from Indiana, who rely on coal production for jobs and for affordable energy. America needs to establish a long-term comprehensive energy plan that allows us to develop our domestic energy resources responsibly and decrease our dependence on foreign oil.
At 2 p.m. today, I will testify before the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs on my bill, the Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act (S.1471). The legislation would give the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and the U.S. Department of the Army the authority to disinter veterans buried in national cemeteries who committed a federal or state capital crime. The bill is named after Alicia Dawn Koehl of Indianapolis, who was shot and killed by a veteran named Michael LaShawn Anderson. He committed suicide after the shooting and erroneously was buried with military honors at Fort Custer National Cemetery in Michigan. Fort Wayne residents Frank and Carol Koehl, Alicia’s father-in-law and mother-in-law, will be at the hearing in the audience.  You can tune in to the hearing at http://www.veterans.senate.gov.
NA
NA
My interview with Larry Kudlow will air on CNBC's The Kudlow Report tonight at 5:30 Mountain / 4:30 Pacific.
My seat at today’s Budget Conference Committee meeting. #idpol
Senator Crapo and the rest of the conferees are gaveling into session for the first time. #idpol – Staff
My op-ed at NRO:
Cornyn: “Whatever” & “I Didn’t Know” Not The Answers The American People Deserve:
Spoke this a.m. in Senate on Defense Department's bad idea to buy $1 billion in Russian helicopters for the Afghan military.
Federalist 51: "In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself. A dependence on the people is, no doubt, the primary control on the government; but experience has taught mankind the necessity of auxiliary precautions."
Listen: Sen. Cornyn discusses Democrats court packing with Bill Bennett this AM:
#MakeDCListen
HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius is testifying before a House panel today on the disastrous implementation of Obamacare. 
 
 What would YOU ask her?
At the budget conference committee today I offered several concrete solutions to solve our budget impasse.  I hope we can at least make a small move in that direction with this conference committee. We should be able to make reasonable, real, progress on our deficits and debt.
If something is repeated often enough the thought is that people will believe it, even if it’s false. That has been this Administration’s Obamacare mantra. Whether it’s that Obamacare will cost people less, bring the deficit down or that if people like their health care plan they can keep it, these claims have been made over and over.  The problem is that they aren’t true. The website problems are visible, but small compared to the fundamental flaws of this law. We can put a better system in place, but we need people to help this Administration and Senate majority leadership face reality.
This morning I plan to speak at the Budget Conference Committee. Watch live at the link below.
The Obama Administration is claiming that the problems with Obamacare stop at website glitches. But the website issues are really just he tip of the iceberg.
This afternoon, I spoke on the Senate floor to highlight how our nation’s weak economy is impacting young Americans looking for work and jeopardizing their futures. Not only do America’s young people face a discouraging job market, they’re now also required to purchase costly insurance thanks to ObamaCare. Watch my remarks here:
I am deeply dismayed that over one year after the Benghazi terrorist attack the Obama Administration has failed in every way to properly investigate how this happened.   The perpetrators of the Benghazi attack remain free and our government has neglected to hold its own people accountable for the failures before, during, and after the terrorist attack.   This is unacceptable and I will continue to push to make sure that all questions are answered relating to Benghazi.
Senator Grassley discusses the Budget Conference Committee and the next steps to resolving the budget impasse in his latest Q&A:
Transparency, accountability, and fiscal integrity should be key goals for the budget conference as negotiations begin. Read Senator Grassley’s opening statement to the committee here:
Had a great time kicking off #NV150 last night with Rep Joe Heck, Congressman Mark Amodei, Congresswoman Dina Titus, and Congressman Steven Horsford.
“We need to make a strong, long-term farm bill our number-one priority this fall so that by the end of year our producers will have the confidence and tools they need to plan for next year’s growing season. They need to know they have a market-based safety net to deal with volatile markets and weather, and the American people need to know that the nation’s farmers and ranchers can continue to provide them with the highest quality, most affordable food supply in the world.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=01e55a49-5a8d-492b-ac82-81af4ca0c328
If You Like Your Health Care Plan - You Can Keep It.
ICYMI check out my latest newsletter about fighting drug gangs, honoring our veterans and maintaining Illinois' technological edge: http://1.usa.gov/17Y26BR
I want to help make it easier for veterans to find good jobs. If you're an Illinois veteran, I want to hear about your experience looking for employment. Tell me your story here: http://bit.ly/VETERAN-STORY
My bill with Senator Dick Durbin will save lives. A Senate committee unanimously approved our bipartisan legislation to expand schools' access to epinephrine.
 
 http://1.usa.gov/16MBfIL
If our generation of conservatives wants to enjoy our own defining triumph, our own1980 – we are going to have to deserve it. That means sharpening more pencils than knives. The kind of work it will require is neither glamorous nor fun – and sometimes it isn’t even noticed. But it is necessary.  To deserve victory, conservatives have to do more than pick a fight. We have to win a debate. And to do that, we need more than just guts. We need an agenda.    I am looking forward to leading the debate on how conservative principles can be applied to resolve America's crisis of unequal opportunity.
Today, working families' take-home pay is flat, but the staples of middle-class security and opportunity - health care, education, home ownership, work-life balance, and children - are becoming harder to afford.
By November of 2016 we will be as far from Reagan's election as Reagan's election was from D-Day.  Now is the time for a great debate in the Republican Party to craft a conservative reform agenda to match the needs, desires, and hopes of a new generation.
From my speech from earlier today: "We need a new, comprehensive anti-cronyism agenda to break up the corrupt nexus of big government, big business, and big special interests."
Today I enjoyed getting to know Jeh Johnson, the President’s nominee to succeed Janet Napolitano as Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. We had a productive conversation, and if confirmed I look forward to working with him to make certain construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility — a vital national security asset — remains a priority.
Today, Fort Hays State University (FHSU) announced that President Ed Hammond will retire in June 2014 after 28 years at the university helm. President Hammond has been a tremendous asset to FHSU and helped bring new horizons to thousands of Kansas students – many of which are from small towns across our state. From the renovation of the Sternberg Museum and Picken Hall to the development and growth of the virtual college, Dr. Hammond has strengthened the quality of education for all FHSU students. Upon his retirement, President Hammond will truly be missed, but his visionary leadership and remarkable contributions to FHSU will impact students and the community for generations to come. Robba and I offer a heartfelt thanks to Dr. Hammond for everything he has done for the entire Hays community.
Today. the Washington Post Fact Checker gave President Obama’s pledge that "no one will take away your health plan" a “Four Pinocchios” rating -- the highest indication of a “Whopper” of a lie. The unfortunate reality is many more Americans have lost their health insurance than have enrolled in coverage under Obamacare.
President Obama’s health care law is egregiously flawed. I recently demanded answers from HHS on exactly how much money has been spent on developing and implementing the systematically broken healthcare.gov website, whether HHS intends to recover payments made to the contractors responsible, what specific testing was done before the launch, and what is the timeline and detailed cost breakdown for fixing the problems. I also asked HHS for details of any contingency plans if the technical issues with the Exchanges cannot be fixed in a timely fashion. I am hopeful Americans will get the answers they deserve today as Sec. Sebelius testifies in the House of Representative. Click the link below to watch the hearing live on C-SPAN.
This month, my Veteran Spotlight is on Col. John Pollock of Soldotna, AK.  John Pollock has not only shown exemplary leadership on the front lines, he continues to serve on the home front, helping young veterans navigate their GI Bill benefits and in some cases, navigate the sometimes scary reality of PTSD.  We owe it to veterans like John to honor them through sharing their stories, and we owe it to the rest of us to learn from the high levels of patriotism, commitment and service they demonstrate for us.  Find out more about John’s story here: http://1.usa.gov/1aUof4S  If you  have a family member or friend in the community you think has a story to share, email me at Spotlight@Murkowski.Senate.Gov
I’m heading to the Senate floor to talk about improving the lives and futures of our Alaska Native youth.  My colleague Heidi Heitkamp and I are introducing a bill to create the Commission on Native Children, taking existing programs and making the work better and more efficiently to give our First People a better tomorrow.  Watch live here:
We should delay Obamacare and then replace it with real health-care reform that lowers costs and improves quality. Check out my op-ed on National Review, and let me know if you agree.
In case you missed it: Last night, I appeared on Fox News with Sean Hannity to discuss the horrors of Obamacare.  Watch here: www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUwt5bZ3EI0
For three years we've asked Sen. Reid for a vote on "Audit the Fed." This bill passed the House overwhelmingly. We are supposed to be in charge of the Fed, but Congress has abdicated its duty. The American people have a right to know how this institution is managing America's money.   Watch to hear more: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYvh5k18fBk
Earlier today, I issued a letter to Sen. Harry Reid announcing my intent to hold the nomination of Dr. Janet Yellen as the Chairman of the Federal Reserve unless S. 209, the Federal Reserve Transparency Act, is also considered.   The American people have a right to know what this institution is doing with the nation's money supply. The Federal Reserve does not need prolonged secrecy-it needs to be audited, and my bipartisan Federal Reserve Transparency Act will do just that.
CNN obtains memo written just days before the launch of Obamacare warning of a "high" security risk because of a lack of testing of the HealthCare.gov website.  Warning was clearly ignored by HHS.  This is inexcusable.   http://www.cnn.com/2013/10/30/politics/obamacare-website-warning-memo/index.html?hpt=hp_t1
Today our bill to protect pensions for rural cooperatives and charities was approved by the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee.  I want to thank the Kansas Electric Cooperatives, Inc., Lyon-Coffey Electric Cooperative, Inc and the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association for their help on the bill.
Despite Ongoing Website Problems, Senate Democrats Deny Americans Extension To Meet ObamaCare Mandate: http://1.usa.gov/1f4Atwb  Rubio: “So while I continue to want to repeal ObamaCare, I think for the good of our people, it’s unfair to continue to hold over their head the threat of an IRS fine when the method of compliance that we’re asking them to follow isn’t fully functioning.”   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senate Democrats today denied the American people an extension for having to comply with ObamaCare’s individual mandate, despite the exchange websites’ ongoing problems and technical issues.   Democrats opposed U.S. Senator Marco Rubio’s unanimous consent request that the Senate pass S. 1592, The Delay Until Fully Functional Act, which he introduced on Monday.  The bill would delay the individual mandate to buy insurance until the ObamaCare exchange websites and all its enrollment processes have been fixed and are certified to be fully functional. Once that certification takes place, Americans will have an additional six months before being subject to taxes and penalties of the individual mandate.   In pushing for common sense relief for the American people, Rubio delivered the following remarks in which he highlighted stories from Florida constituents who have encountered problems with ObamaCare’s implementation:
MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator Rubio To Call For Senate Vote To Delay ObamaCare Mandate Until Websites Are Fixed: http://1.usa.gov/16mjN0C  Washington, D.C. – Today, October 30, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) will request the Senate’s unanimous consent to vote on S. 1592, The Delay Until Fully Functional Act, which he introduced on Monday.     The bill would delay the individual mandate to buy insurance until the ObamaCare exchange websites and all its enrollment processes have been fixed and are certified to be fully functional. Once that certification takes place, Americans will have an additional six months before being subject to taxes and penalties of the individual mandate.   The following speech will be broadcast on C-SPAN 2:   Wednesday, October 30, 2013 2:40 P.M. EDT Rubio delivers floor remarks calling for passage of S. 1592, The Delay Until Fully Functional Act U.S. Senate Washington, D.C.
MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator Rubio Joins Republican Colleagues at Press Conference to Introduce Health Care Legislation: http://1.usa.gov/HuS2cB  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today will join Senator Ron Johnson (R-WI) and Representative Ron DeSantis (R-FL), along with other cosponsors, to introduce the joint legislation, If You Like Your Health Care Plan You Can Keep It Act. The Senate and House bills each have over 30 cosponsors currently, including Rubio.
Senator Rubio Asks Constituents To Share Their Stories Of ObamaCare Problems: http://1.usa.gov/1f3LAW2  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued a call to Floridians to share their stories regarding problems they have experienced so far during ObamaCare’s implementation – particularly notices from health insurance providers letting them know their plans are no longer available, shocking premium increases, losing access to their current doctors, and struggles with the exchange websites. Rubio is encouraging constituents to share their stories via Rubio’s official website, rubio.senate.gov.
Senator Shelby tells NowThis News it's time for HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to go.  http://www.politico.com/story/2013/10/kathleen-sebelius-obamacare-99115.html?hp=t1_3
WATCH LIVE: HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius testifies on the many failures of Obamacare.   http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN3/
NA
Excerpt from Ranking Member Sessions' opening statement at today's budget conference meeting:  "For the past five years, we have had record deficits. This was the Democratic vision for restoring vigorous growth and lasting prosperity... It has not worked. Never has so great a sum been spent for so little in return: • Take-home pay has fallen for each of the last five years • Median household income is lower today than at any time since 1996 • The labor force dropout rate is the highest it’s been since 1945 • We have the lowest labor force participation rate in 35 years • We have 12 million more residents than we did in 2007 but 2 million fewer workers  What we should do is create a growth-oriented tax system that makes America more competitive, eliminate unnecessary regulations, produce more American energy, ensure fair trade so our workers can fairly compete, enforce an immigration policy that serves our national interest, reject large government programs that kill jobs, and balance the budget to restore confidence in the future of America.  These are common-sense proposals that will work. These ideas are consistent with the American ideals that have served us so well."
NA
Constituent from Monroe County:  Both my husband and I are having our health care plans cancelled on January 1.  At this point, my husband’s new plan has not been finalized.  My new plan has a premium that doubles what I paid last year and my deductible is jumping from $1,500 to $6,000 annually.
Wow.  That’s a lot of Pinocchios.  If you like your health care you can keep it, not exactly.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/wp/2013/10/30/obamas-pledge-that-no-one-will-take-away-your-health-plan/
Good morning!  I will be joining Morning Joe today at 7:20 to discuss the upcoming budget conference.  Hope you can tune in.
NA
NA
