If you missed the interview this morning on 5NEWS you can watch it here.
NA
Twenty-five years ago today, the world changed when the seemingly-impenetrable wall between East and West Germany was torn down by a people determined to break the stranglehold of totalitarian Communism.   The goal of the Soviet Union was to obliterate the very principle of freedom and to establish a global network of oppression under which all individuals were subjugated to a state that cared only about its own survival.  “It has no laws. All it has is power—power to arrest and torture, with or without laws,” as the survivor of the Soviet gulag Alexander Solzhehitsyn wrote.   It was a brutal campaign, and it almost worked.  More than 100 million people lost their lives in less than a century.  Untold numbers slaved away in work camps under horrific conditions.  From Latin America to Africa to southeast Asia, supporters of Communism were on the march.  The Soviets seemed so powerful that the only option for America and our allies seemed to be to reach some sort of accommodation with them.    But then a new American president charted a different course.  He proposed a simple paradigm of “We win, they lose.” In 1987, Ronald Reagan stood in front of the grim barrier that had been erected in 1961 to forcibly contain the freedom represented by West Berlin and demanded its removal, “General Secretary Gorbachev, if you seek peace, if you seek prosperity for the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, if you seek liberalization…Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall!” With his allies, those tireless advocates for religious and economic freedom Pope John Paul II and Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, President Reagan refused to accept the tyranny of Communism as inevitable.   Less than a year after Ronald Reagan left office, his vision became a reality.  No wall could hold back the waves of protest that swept from the Baltic through eastern Europe.  On November 9, 1989, freedom prevailed. Where once armed guards and barbed wire kept terrified citizens under Soviet control, a peaceful nation, a friend of the United States, began to flourish.   It might be tempting to imagine of this trajectory as part of a preordained evolution towards liberal democracy and conclude that the bad old days of the Soviet Union are a thing of the past.  But the events of the last year have demonstrated that this is very far from the truth.  Evil may have been defeated in Berlin twenty-five years ago, but it was not eradicated.  An aggressive Russia is once again massing in the region, threatening to extinguish the hard-fought gains of the millions of people whose most cherished dream was to live in freedom.       So rather than greeting this anniversary with self-congratulatory complacency, a renewed resolve is called for.  We must resolve to remain vigilant against all those who threaten our liberties. We must resolve to embrace the opportunities those freedoms provide so America continues to set a shining example of what a truly free people can achieve.  We must resolve to encourage those yearning to be free to join us and our allies as we work to create a more stable and prosperous world.  For if we stand strong today – and every day – we may celebrate even more remarkable victories for freedom twenty-five years from now.
UNI beats Number 1 NoDakSt 23/3 ending 33game streak Will someone tellSenHoeven my school won bc he is always kidding us when his team wins
Looking forward to another win at Lambeau today! #GoPackGo
Landmark win for the ASU Sun Devils today in the annual "Salute to Service" game! It was an honor to participate in the coin toss and join the entire ASU community to recognize veterans and active members of our military.
I'll be visiting with Shannon Bream on Fox News Channel at 12:10 p.m. CT about Tuesday's election results and the agenda for the new GOP Senate Majority. Please tune in.
Tonight Robba and I are attending the 28th annual Johnson County Community College (JCCC) Foundation "Some Enchanted Evening." The event raises money for scholarships allowing thousands of students the opportunity to fulfill their dream of attending college.   Each year, the Foundation’s highest recognition of achievement, the “Johnson Countian of the Year,” is awarded to an individual or individuals who make an outstanding contribution to the Johnson County community. This year's honoree is Dr. Gary Morsch of Olathe, whose humanitarian efforts through Heart to Heart International bring aid, comfort and hope to those who suffer around the world. Pictured with me and Robba are Tracey Osborne, president of Overland Park Chamber, and Olathe Mayor Mike Copeland.
My family and I lost a very dear friend this morning. Hope Nelson passed away suddenly while in Arizona where she was caring for her sister. Hope was known to so many in Alaska as the ultimate Republican woman and volunteer. She ran campaigns, orchestrated many Republican conventions, formed the Midnight Sun Republican Women's club, and fed more volunteers than anyone I've known. Hope was a giving and gracious woman, a friend and mom to so many of us. We have lost a great lady.
Attended the Alaska Food Festival & Conference at UAA today. It was great to spend time with so many Alaskans--great information about food security and AK farming and nutrition.
Some incredibly cool things, you can only see in Alaska. Earlier this week, driving along the Seward Highway, we spotted surfers on the bore tide in the Turnagain Arm. Talk about tough Alaskans, it was about 35 degrees outside and they rode the wave for 10 minutes. Surf and ski Alaska!
ICYMI: Rubio Marks 25th Anniversary Of Fall Of The Berlin Wall  When I think of the Berlin Wall, I’m reminded of how thin the barrier is between freedom and oppression. It’s been that way throughout all of world history. A river or a mountain or a fence has often made the difference between a life of despair and a life of hope. But the Berlin Wall also reminds us that physical barriers are only part of the story. Freedom is also blocked by ideas, worldviews, and tyrants.     That’s why, 25 years ago today, it took more than sledgehammers and manpower to finally tear down the Berlin Wall – it took what Ronald Reagan called “the will and moral courage of free men and women.” It took the patient cries of an oppressed people, and leaders on both sides of the Atlantic who acted on their behalf with historic conviction.    ...
Beautiful fall day in Philly for the 2014 Walk to End Alzheimer's.  10,000 strong!   Thanks to the Alzheimer's Association, Delaware Valley Chapter for all their efforts. #EndALZ
