Today marks three years since President Obama’s government health care takeover was signed into law. And in the past three years, it's become increasingly clear that the president's flawed plan continues to deliver more broken promises and more bad news for the American people.   I'll continue fighting to repeal the most flawed components of this law so we can replace it with common-sense reforms that put patients and doctors in control of their health care – not Washington bureaucrats.
I voted against the Senate Democrat's budget because it taxes too much, spends too much, increases the debt, and never balances.
It’s time the government understands that death should not be a taxable event.
Today marks the third anniversary of Obamacare. In 2010, we were told that "we have to pass the bill so you can find out what is in it" and after three years we now know that Obamacare is full of broken promises and consequences that hurt the American people. 
 
 Share if you are tired of broken promises.
Early this morning I voted against the Senate Democrat budget. While I am pleased that the Senate majority has brought its first budget in four years to the floor of the Senate, I regret the product that ultimately emerged.   This budget adds trillions of dollars to the nation’s debt, despite also raising taxes by more than $1 trillion. We need a budget that cuts federal spending, provides for serious, comprehensive reform of our tax code, and places our social safety net programs on a sustainable footing. This budget does none of these things, and shows once again that Senate Democrats are unserious about addressing them.
Today marks the third anniversary of passage of the President's health care law. We were told the law would reduce health care insurance costs, protect Medicare, not add to our deficit and make it easier for small businesses to grow. Unfortunately these are broken promises and I discuss theses in our latest column in addition to our continued efforts to repeal and defund this law.
NA
News Release: Around 5:00AM this morning, I walked out of the Capitol building after voting against the Senate budget resolution.  The budget is the first brought to the Floor in almost four years by the Majority party, but does nothing to solve our debt crisis. It increases spending 62% over the next 10 years, raises taxes $1.5 trillion dollars and does nothing to reform entitlements. Congress cannot continue to kick the can-- time is running out to address our mounting debt and deficits.
NYT: "the Senate on Saturday adopted its first budget in four years, a $3.7 trillion blueprint for 2014 that would provide a fast track for passage of tax increases, trim spending modestly and leave the government still deeply in the red a decade from now."
Cornyn: “The budget that passed today doesn’t solve the problem – it grossly exacerbates it."
Cornyn: “Texans who do not do their jobs do not get paid, and neither should officials at the OMB." #NoBudgetNoOMBPay
The Hill: Senate Targets Obama Budget Director's Pay:
Offered an amendment to the Senate Budget Resolution that said instead of sending $250 million without conditions to Egypt, a nation that has proven indifferent, if not outright hostile to U.S. interests, we should use these funds in a way that clearly provides for the national security of Americans here at home.   Hope you'll watch and SHARE.
The budget resolution is supposed to outline clear funding objectives and set the framework for the authorization and appropriations steps in the annual budget process. In this case, the majority’s resolution calls for additional spending and taxes.  While no amendments successfully added to the budget resolution carry the force of law, they express the support for specific legislative initiatives or principles.  I authored amendments to improve the tax system, protect trust funds and help agencies prioritize spending.  I supported amendments designed to require the budget to balance within 10 years, require 67 votes in the Senate to pass gun control legislation, allow the full repeal of the Affordable Health Care Act, restrict EPA rule-making and many others.  The Senate passed the majority’s budget 50-49 this morning. I voted against it.
The Democratic budget adds trillions to the national debt and never balances. Taxpayers deserve a serious, responsible budget proposal that puts the federal government back on a fiscally sound path. Last night's proposal was not the right proposal. I voted no.
NA
While I was initially encouraged that, after four years, the Senate planned to produce a budget, I am disappointed in the result: more taxes, more spending, and more debt. Nebraskans are tired of these failed tax-and-spend policies;  we can do better. It’s time for lawmakers to step up, make tough decisions, and do their jobs.  "Like" if you agree, enough taxes and enough spending.
Here’s some real bipartisanship, folks:  During yesterday/this morning's budget vote-a-rama, the Senate unanimously adopted an amendment I offered w/ Sen. Al Franken (D-MN) to highlight the need to bring broadband services to rural areas. Though I ultimately couldn't support the budget, I am pleased this important, bipartisan amendment was adopted.  Note: NOT a dime added to the deficit and some attention was finally paid to technologically underserved Americans.
Democrat budget passed by Senate raises taxes 1 Trillion$ &never balances. Repub budget passed by House balances w/o higher Taxes
The Senate was in session 20 hours Friday so I missed Iowa State Notre Dame basketball but glad Iowa State beat Notre Dame
Budget passes senate 50/49  at5am 108 amendment  20 hr. session #99countymeetings  I will b in 30 counties during recess
Finally after 4yrs NOTHING Senate passes budget It's a partisan budget some Dems vote NAY It like cotton candy "sweet but nothing there"
If u refer to Iraq war as Bush's read the '98 PublicLaw105-325 signed by Clinton when Democrats considered Saddam weapons a threat
A listing of the sage-grouse as an endangered species would have a devastating impact on Nevada’s economy.  Collaboration among the states, the federal government and other stakeholders will go a long way towards protecting Nevadans’ way of life as well as ensuring a sustainable sage-grouse population. Big thanks to Orrin Hatch, Senator Mike Crapo, and Jim Risch for your support. Video: http://bit.ly/WVaMIz Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/X1iP7y
Worked with Senator Jon Tester and Chris Coons on a vets amendment to the Senate #Budget that just passed!  Learn about it here: http://1.usa.gov/13k70Mu
Early this morning the Senate passed a budget for the first time in four years. You can read my statement here.    http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=97cb9e58-d6da-212e-1f0b-f70fa0d5d372
As Obamacare continues to be implemented, its serious problems are becoming apparent. Hopefully this third anniversary is its last.  http://1.usa.gov/ZIrx8s
The U.S. Senate has spoken and now the European Union needs to act.
After 13.5 hours and 42 non-stop votes, I voted against the big government tax & spend budget.
Many of you are responding to my statement about the FAA Air Traffic Control Towers with concern and confusion. The news article linked below helps to make clear my short-term solution of keeping 149 towers open and putting safety first.
Glad to see State Department call for Iran to immediately release American Pastor Saeed Abedini. Religious freedom is one of the most basic human rights.
Good news for American energy, American jobs.
I was proud to co-sponsor this amendment. The Keystone Pipeline is an essential job creating and North American energy project and should be approved immediately.  When jobs and the economy are struggling we have an obligation to do everything we can to stimulate growth, the Keystone pipeline is a commonsense, bipartisan, and simple move in this direction.  http://www.politico.com/story/2013/03/keystone-wins-big-in-senate-89242.html
Senate Passes Rubio Amendment Urging NASA To Dispose Of Underutilized Facilities To Save Taxpayer Dollars
Rubio Opposes Massive Tax Increases, Job Losses & Debt Spending In Senate Democrat Budget
Sessions: “Now that the Senate majority has written a plan we can finally begin this conversation: Do we balance the budget and grow the economy for all Americans? Or do we continue to enrich the bureaucracy at the expense of the people?”
The final vote on the Senate budget is coming up next.
For those following the budget debate tonight, this will be the last bloc of amendment votes (approximately 13 of them), followed by a vote on final passage of the budget resolution.
You can still tune in to C-SPAN to watch Sen. Sessions manage the debate on the Senate budget resolution.
NA
Tune in to C-SPAN to watch the ongoing budget vote-a-rama.
Just introduced my amendment to empower federal employees to decide whether or not they want union dues taken out of their paychecks. Read more here - http://www.scott.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341169
I am deeply disappointed that the Senate has voted down my amendment to make health care more affordable for middle-income families and seniors with high medical bills.
