#FlashbackFriday via POLITICO: On Oct. 29, 2013, Sen. Alexander called for the resignation of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius over the “disastrous” rollout of Obamacare: http://bcove.me/y1yakiad 
I introduced a bipartisan bill that will help jump-start private sector job creation by encouraging more international travel to the United States. This is one of many common-sense economic solutions Congress should pass to put more people back to work. 
ObamaCare is more than a website. It’s also more than a resignation. The departure of Secretary Sebelius does not change the fact that the president’s health care law is fundamentally flawed.
HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius will reportedly resign today -- just months after the tumultuous roll-out of President Obama’s health care law. There's no doubt #ObamaCare is still fundamentally flawed. How has the president's health care plan impacted you and your family? Send me your story. 
Although the idea of unionizing might sound good to a very small number of student-athletes considering doing so, it is important we think of the 99% of student-athletes who never reach the professional levels of their respective sports and will come to value the education they received while competing for their colleges or universities.  The value of that education – more than any temporary benefit they might receive while collectively bargaining – will bring a lifetime of higher earnings in their profession but also a respect for the life lessons they received while playing sports for their schools.  I hope the NLRB’s regional office’s decision does not threaten that for these students.
Secretary Sebelius announces resignation, two Arkansas Chambers of Commerce visit DC, a 70th Anniversary of D-Day Resolution is introduced and more in this “Week in Review.” 
We introduced a resolution this week to mark the upcoming 70th Anniversary of the D-Day invasion and honor the U.S. Armed Forces who helped bring an end to World War II. Read about it by following the link.
We've met with a lot of Arkansans in recent weeks. I'm taking advantage of a rare few quiet moments to sign pictures of their visits. Appreciate their time spent visiting with me.
Changing the point person for a disastrous program won’t provide much relief for the millions of Americans who lost their health care coverage, face skyrocketing costs and can no longer go to the doctor of their choice. The best CEOs in the world can’t implement a bad business plan. It’s no different for public policy. You can put the best administrator you can find in charge of a flawed program and it will still fail. Until we get rid of Obamacare, and replace it with common-sense, market-based reforms, costs will continue to rise and the American people will continue to suffer as a result.
More good news for Hoosier taxpayers
NA
Senator Collins attended the groundbreaking ceremony at Lincoln Academy in Newcastle for the Cable-Burns Applied Technology and Engineering Center.  Read more:  http://lincolncountynewsonline.com/main.asp?SectionID=1&SubSectionID=75&ArticleID=61039
"The requirement of 'due process' is not a fairweather or timid assurance. It must be respected in periods of calm and in times of trouble; it protects aliens as well as citizens." -- Felix Frankfurter (1882-1965) U.S. Supreme Court Justice Source: Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Committee v. McGrath, 1951
Still true: "Whatever government is not a government of laws, is a despotism, let it be called what they may." -- Daniel Webster (1782-1852), US Senator
I appreciate the Republicans and the Democrats who came together to pass this legislation to #KeepTerroristsOut of the US!
Every American should be able to know how their tax dollars are being spent. Last night, the Senate unanimously passed the DATA Act, which is designed to bring new transparency to the federal government by making federal spending data publicly available at USASpending.gov. I cosponsored this bipartisan legislation, introduced by Senators Rob Portman, R-Ore., and Mark Warner, D-Va., because without transparency it’s hard to keep the government accountable. #opengov 
I was honored to speak at Financial Literacy Day on the Hill with Honorary Co-Chair Senator Jack Reed, D-R.I. This event highlights the importance of people having the tools they need to make good financial decision for themselves and their families.
ICYMI: The Elite #8ofWaste was featured on Fox News'  Special Report with Bret Baier last evening.
Before federal agencies pursue heavy-handed regulations on livestock emissions, they should consider the economic impacts and costs on our ag producers who work hard year-round to protect our natural resources.
There’s no shortage of waste and duplication in the federal government, yet somehow many unnecessary programs continue to exist. My column this week takes a closer look at specific areas where Congress can rein in this excessive spending.
NA
Conservative groups ask senators to support my lawsuit.  http://t.co/kbLkvOpDL3
Conservatives unite Senator Johnson’s Obamacare lawsuit: Nearly 2 doz groups urge senators to sign amicus brief. http://t.co/4BmU4NVX92
Sens Baldwin and Johnson make good on their wager with Sens McConnell and Paul on the outcome of the WI-KY game. http://t.co/miIhb6XEKv
White House made the right call and denied a visa to Iran's new UN ambassador, who helped take Americans hostage in 1979. Read the letter I sent to President Obama last week urging him to make this decision: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1042
Just announced plan to boost aviation security standards abroad. American citizens traveling between foreign destinations should be able to rest assured that individuals on their flight did not use lost or stolen travel documents to board the plane.
No single person could have implemented #Obamacare successfully, and no single person is going to be able to fix it. I think that the repeal of obamacare is ultimately going to be something of an inevitability because it was built almost to fail. It can't succeed. The question is simply when. I would like to hear what you would add to the conversation I started with Greta Van Susteren last night about the resignation of Kathleen Sebelius.
This afternoon, I continued my statewide listening tour in LaCrosse at the Rush County Courthouse. Thanks to the 25 local residents and friends who came out to visit with me about a wide range of topics including the need to protect rural hospitals, 2nd Amendment rights, and support for the Keystone XL pipeline. I also heard concerns about costly regulations coming out of the federal government that are hurting farmers, bankers, and hospitals in the area. Thanks to Tacy Keener, Deputy County Clerk, for helping set up the town hall meeting. I greatly appreciate everyone who takes the time to visit with me at town halls because I learn something from every conversation. Please check my website for upcoming Kansas Listening Tour stops near you.
I was glad to have the opportunity to visit with many Kansans at the Great Bend Farm and Ranch Exp, including Ned Brack from Great Bend – a U.S. Navy Veteran who served during the Vietnam War. Thanks again to everyone who shared their thoughts and concerns with me.
It was good to kick off my weekend back in Kansas today at the Great Bend Farm and Ranch Expo, with more than 700 exhibitors highlighting the latest in farming technology and practices. Topics of conversation ranged from the farm bill and crop insurance to the importance of FAA to rural Kansas.
Tourism is a key economic driver for Alaska, making a $3.9 billion impact for our state last year alone.  That's why I co-sponsored the Travel Promotion, Enhancement and Modernization Act to continue that momentum!
Mission of Mercy Alaska is at full swing at the Dena’ina Center.  I am proud that my Anchorage staff will be helping the amazing dentist, hygienists and all the other volunteers who make it possible to provide free dental care to Alaskans.  Find out more about Mission of Mercy here: http://akmom.org
The United States and its allies must stand with the Ukrainian people during this time of Russian aggression, and I appreciated the opportunity to meet with local leaders of the Cleveland-Ukrainian community today.
I am pleased that my bipartisan DATA Act, legislation to empower taxpayers to see how their money is spent and improve federal financial transparency, has passed the Senate. By enabling us to better track federal spending, this bill will help identify and eliminate waste, which is crucial as we struggle to reduce our record $17 trillion debt.
Next week, I will participate in events in Western and South Central Kentucky. On Tuesday, I will be in Hartford, Madisonville and Powderly. On Wednesday, I will be in Burkesville and Edmonton. Here are the details:  Tuesday, April 15  Speak to Ohio County Chamber of Commerce Luncheon 12:45 p.m. ET/11:45 a.m. CT Ohio County Senior Citizens Center, 2300 Kentucky 69, Hartford, KY 42347   Participate in Forum with Madisonville-Hopkins County Chamber of Commerce 3:00 p.m. ET/2:00 p.m. CT Owensboro Health Multicare Madisonville, 444 S Main St., Madisonville, KY 42341  Participate in Forum with Greater Muhlenberg County Chamber of Commerce 4:30 p.m. ET/3:30 p.m. CT Muhlenberg County Senior Citizens Center, 55 Career Way, Powderly, KY 42367  Wednesday, April 16  Speak to Cumberland County Chamber of Commerce Luncheon 1:00 p.m. ET/Noon CT Cumberland County Cooperative Extension Office, 90 Smith Grove Rd., Burkesville, KY 42717  Participate in Community Forum 3:00 p.m. ET/2:00 p.m. CT Metcalfe County Courthouse, 201 E Stockton St., Edmonton, KY 42129
"Ronald Reagan never wanted to be a war president, and there were no wars on Reagan's watch. None. The Gipper was no neocon."  Read more: http://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2014/04/11/what_would_reagan_do_122236.html#ixzz2yaIUmmt3 
Six months ago I was the first to call on Secretary Sebelius to resign. Mr President, this was long overdue.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=5ae018ec-1307-4ee8-8b2e-e1fbe3529ea1
6 months ago I was the first to call on Secretary Sebelius to resign for gross incompetence resulting in the failure of the exchange websites. This decision by HHS Secretary Sebelius to resign is prudent, but overdue. Today, more Americans are losing the care they like than are receiving care in the exchange. Obamacare has cost the nation more than a trillion dollars and has created higher premiums, higher taxes, less choice, confusion, delays and problem after problem. Unfortunately, the President and his allies in Congress continue to protect this law despite its toll on our economy, patients and providers. A new secretary has been nominated, Sylvia Mathews Burwell, but with Obamacare, nothing will alter. Obamacare is the President’s legacy. The President will unilaterally change what doesn’t work. The March toward socialized medicine will continue. 
I was pleased to welcome the Kansas Nurse Anesthetists to Washington. We discussed Medicare and the challenges facing providers in Obamacare.
I was pleased to meet with President-Elect Jaret Moyer and the Kansas Livestock Association to discuss regulations -- lesser prairie chicken, the Clean Water Act and other challenges producers are facing from the Obama Administration. We are fighting this executive overreach everyday.
It was great to meet with K-State Research and Extension leaders and National 4-H Conference participants. I was glad to hear of their success stories and how they are positively impacting communities across the state.
From Al.Com: “The steel industry has long been a foundation of economic growth and development throughout Alabama and the country,” Sessions said. “Maintaining a strong manufacturing base is essential to both our economic and national security. The steel industry supports thousands of workers and families across our state. But the government must more effectively defend our steel industry and workers from unfair foreign trade practices that violate trade law.”
Excerpt from Sen. Sessions comments on the floor regarding the deterioration of interior enforcement: “This administration has effectively declared that almost anyone in the world who illegally gains access to the interior of the United States…is free to work and take jobs unemployed Americans need.”
NA
Heading to Darlington tomorrow night to serve as honorary pace car driver at the Southern 500 - anyone have any tips?
#HappyFriday PA! Here's your weekly update. Prefer inbox delivery? See http://ow.ly/vHCaa. Have a terrific weekend! 
 “It’s an absolute disgrace that they’re trying to make any comparison."  - Maureen Faulkner  http://tinyurl.com/kst5uko
Great meeting employees of Armstrong World Industries this morning in Lancaster. They're contributing to a manufacturing renaissance in PA by returning production operations from China and hiring skilled workers.
I will keep fighting to protect children.   http://www.mcall.com/news/breaking/mc-pa-toomey-child-predators-20140410,0,116252.story
Jumping on Newsradio 1070 WKOK this morning at 7:30 to talk with Mark Lawrence.  Hope you can tune in!
