IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Last weekend, Sen. Alexander spoke at the commencement ceremony at East Tennessee State University where he explained the complicated and discouraging process of applying for federal student aid, one of too many rules and regulations by the federal government. He said that the best thing for new graduates looking for jobs would be to liberate the free enterprise system. He also emphasized the importance of a positive attitude and making the most of each situation, quoting his longtime friend, Tennessee author Alex Haley, who always tried to “find the good and praise it.”  http://www.johnsoncitypress.com/article/117181/alexander-talks-education-job-market-before-etsu-speech   
NA
Great spending time with Washington, Missouri Mayor Sandy Lucy and the Washington Missouri Highway 47 Bridge Committee this weekend.
FEMA is warning Arkansas residents affected by the April 27 severe storms, tornadoes and floods to watch for and report any suspicious activity or potential fraud, including criminals posing as phony housing inspectors and fraudulent building contractors, bogus pleas for disaster donations and fake offers of state or federal aid. Authorities in Arkansas have reported one resident received a phone call claiming to be from FEMA. The caller attempted to get the person’s bank account information and debit card number.  Read more about what to watch out for by clicking the link below. If you suspect fraud. call the FEMA Disaster Fraud Hotline toll free at 1-866-720-5721
NA
NA
Op-Ed: James Madison, the fourth President of the United States and arguably the “Father of the Constitution,” understood that freedom of speech was instrumental in holding government accountable.  Unfortunately, we have seen multiple attempts by this Administration to stretch its regulatory authority and try to stifle this freedom.  The effort to use the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to silence political dissent is intolerable and undermines our nation’s founding principles.  That is why I once again joined Senate colleagues in pushing back against the Administration’s inexcusable and continued use of tax policy to hinder political opposition.  More here: http://1.usa.gov/1jhyrwG
The questions United States Senator Mike Lee and I have for HHS Secretary nominee Burwell deal with issues she should have been prepared to answer at her hearings but did not.   We need answers before the Senate moves forward with her nomination.
While the nation struggles with a stagnant economy, areas like Midland, Texas that embrace the American Energy Renaissance believe an unemployment rate below 2% is possible.
Fantastic advice from Admiral McRaven to all the new graduates: "If you want to change the world, start off by making your bed."   Give it a read:
Wyoming supercell! Interesting video on the Washington Post website today of storm forming near Newcastle, Wyoming.
Crook County residents will have the opportunity to meet with DeAnna Kay from my Gillette office Wednesday, May 21. She will be at the Sundance Town Hall from 10:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m., Greater Hulett Community Center from 1:30 p.m. to 2 p.m., and the Moorcroft Town Hall from 4:30 p.m. to 5 p.m. For more information, call 307-682-6268.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
May is Beef Month! Delicious, healthy, safe Nebraska beef – beef producers helping to feed the world.  Great article from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. Get the facts. #eatbeef #itswhatsfordinner 
Senator Grassley continues to fight for fair consideration of renewable energy tax incentives.  Read more here:
NA
We appreciate the tremendous investment Hess is making in North Dakota, which amounts to $1.5 billion not only for this expansion, but also for four new gas gathering projects the company expects to complete by the end of the year. This new expansion more than doubles the plant’s capacity to produce natural gas, more than triples the amount of propane available to North Dakota and the region, and at the same time significantly reduces flaring in the oil patch. That’s a huge win for our state and our country.
President Obama likes to champion access to quality health care when it comes to his signature legislation, ObamaCare, but he has failed to adequately address the rampant problems in the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) charged with providing health care for our nation's heroes. Today I  joined calls for an independent investigation into the VA delaying vital medical services and recently cosponsored legislation to ensure we get to the bottom of the allegations of fraud: 1.usa.gov/Sbk82v 
Last week, I voted for the Senate to start debate on an important bipartisan bill labeled as the "tax extenders" legislation. This bill would have extended 50 tax incentives that expired in 2013, but Majority Leader Harry Reid killed the bill by refusing to allow any amendments to the measure, including my amendment for marginal wells. The Tulsa World's editorial board wrote a piece on how these measures would have created jobs and helped Oklahoma's economy, and said it was time for Reid to "stop playing politics and using our economic future as the stakes." I couldn't agree more.   http://www.tulsaworld.com/opinion/editorials/tulsa-world-editorial-five-important-provisions-to-oklahoma-s-economic/article_d16b265d-7666-5a4b-b0e5-0364b1355fdd.html   
Our nation’s electricity reliability and affordability is under attack from the Obama Administration's misguided regulations. During an EPW hearing on Wednesday, Marvin Fertel, president and chief executive officer of the Nuclear Energy Institute, shared my concerns of future brownouts and blackouts as a result of EPA regulations that are "shutting down the backbone of our electricity system." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntwNieLi57w&feature=youtu.be
Read what I read when digging into Hillary Clinton's performance in the Benghazi crisis. Links here: http://t.co/h8olR97aOh
Yes, Hillary Clinton was derelict in her duty. This is established, verified fact.  http://t.co/Dl6SdZhqdb
Retweeted PolitiFact Wisconsin (@PolitiFactWisc):  New today--Ron Johnson: State Dept reduced security in Libya before #Benghazi attack. True http://t.co/bB4DYMBszj http://t.co/zdtzAAtJMw
Senator Johnson held a town hall this weekend in West Bend.
If you like your employer-sponsored coverage, you'd better get over it, NPR reports. http://t.co/oJGrQjvI0R
This month is Stroke Awareness Month. Will you join me in the fight to #NeverGiveUp on stroke survivors?
The implementation of #Obamacare has been an unmitigated disaster under HHS's previous leadership. It is critical that before the next HHS Secretary is approved, we have a frank and open discussion about how the administration plans to relieve the pain and confusion caused by this law.  So far, Ms. Burwell's testimony has been less than forthcoming and suggests she plans to follow the lead of her predecessor in blocking Congress's ability to do proper oversight for the American people.   Senator Ted Cruz and I have sent Ms. Burwell a letter in an attempt to finally get answers to simple questions that the American people have been asking repeatedly about this law.  The Senate shouldn't move forward on her nomination until these questions are answered.
From the article: "Every Republican publicly decries the growth of the federal government, but many decline to divulge which functions they would eliminate other than rooting out waste and fraud.  Senator Lee’s bills on education and transportation provide conservatives with a solid opportunity to advocate limited federal government, federalism, and changing course from decades of failed policies by the federal government." 
Cattle crossing! Today the Dept of Agriculture finally resumed inspection of cattle exported from Mexico through the port of Douglas, Arizona, which had stopped for four months due to danger on the Mexican side of the border. For more, check out my statement: http://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=9cf06bb5-b145-4369-8aac-321c3a07d5da
I obviously had a great time at the Arizona Diamondbacks game this weekend! 
This weekend, I spoke with veterans from across Kansas in Hutchinson during the state convention of the American Legion Auxiliary. We must never forget that our nation has a responsibility to its veterans. That means receiving the care and support they have earned. I will continue my efforts to make certain that they receive the quality of care they deserve. Thanks again to Adjutant Chuck Yunker for the invitation to speak to Kansas veterans.
Congratulations to Samantha Beaman of Houston High School!  She won the Big Lake Chamber of Commerce Scholarship at today's Chamber luncheon. Keep up the great work, Samantha!
The Administration spent billions in Obamacare subsidies, but doesn’t know if the recipients even qualify. The American people deserve to know how the Administration is planning to ensure precious taxpayer funds are provided to only those who are eligible.  
NA
I am honored to be recognized as a hero of main street by the National Retail Federation. Small business, including out Main Street retailers need lower taxes, less burdensome federal regulation, and more certainty and stability in lending and the national economy to grow and thrive. That is exactly what I’m fighting for everyday in the U.S. Senate.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=3f86826c-a33c-4e13-8063-f89ae1c6d911
Sen. Sessions made the following comments after joining a letter to the Commerce Department urging action be taken to blunt the improper and excess dumping of steel imports into the U.S. market:  “It is important that the Department of Commerce review the recent surge of tubular steel into the United States market. American-made steel that is used in the U.S. energy market accounts for roughly 10 percent of American steel production and helps employ thousands of workers. However, since 2008, imports have increased by over 60 percent. Such a sharp increase is troubling. Defending against artificially priced foreign imports is critical to having a functioning market that allows U.S. workers to compete. Alabama has a robust steel industry that should not be unfairly damaged by foreign imports that skirt our trade rules. I will closely monitor this review from the Department of Commerce to ensure proper valuation of imports and the proper protection of American workers.”
NA
Today it was announced that retired Marine Cpl. William "Kyle" Carpenter will be awarded the Medal of Honor next month. Cpl. Carpenter is an alum of Wyman King Academy in Batesburg and a current USC student. His heroism and sacrifice are remarkable.  http://www.thestate.com/2014/05/19/3454906/midlands-marine-veteran-to-receive.html
Having trouble with a federal agency?  My hardworking state staff may be able to help you! Visit my website to learn more--http://www.scott.senate.gov/services/federal-agency 
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, with Major General Wesley Craig and other state officials at an emergency preparedness response exercise in Fort Indiantown Gap.
Cyberattacks from China are completely intolerable and cause serious harm to our national security and economy.
I wasn't going to miss this one, John. I'm just really looking forward to what you do next.
100 new jobs coming to the Port of Gulfport. Mississippi is a great place to do business: http://bit.ly/1qPxjpl
Wicker Report | After more than a decade of combat, the National Guard is facing dramatic changes to its role as a ready reserve force of the Army. A number of changes follow misguided budget proposals by the Obama Administration to reduce Army personnel and reorganize its aviation program. I am working diligently with Mississippi’s congressional delegation to ensure our well-trained units and facilities are protected from indiscriminate harm.
