I met with leaders at Fort Leonard Wood today to talk about ways we can improve mental health services in the military. Nearly one in four Americans are living with diagnosable mental illnesses. I’ll keep fighting to improve our mental health system for the people and families who sacrifice to protect our country, and for all Americans.
President Obama mentioned the word “jobs” 23 times in his State of the Union Address this year. Yet when presented with the opportunity to create real, quality jobs, with the backing of Democrats and Republicans alike, he scrambles for reasons to avoid it.   The Keystone XL pipeline is the most studied pipeline in history and it’s cleared every major hurdle that’s stood in its way, except for one: a President who talks tough about creating jobs but balks at the chance to do so. It’s time to approve the Keystone pipeline and allow thousands of jobs to come online for Americans looking for work.
April 17th, 2014
April 17th, 2014
Houston Public Media: Cornyn Touts Houston-Based Prison Program, Promotes Reform Bill:
Senator Corker will discuss the crisis in Ukraine Sunday morning on @meetthepress. To find the station and air time in your area, click here: http://nbcnews.to/1gQAbMd.
In a letter to the president and prime minister of the Democratic Republic of Congo yesterday, Senator Corker joined congressional leaders in requesting an end to delays in processing the adoptions of 460 Congolese children by American families. The bipartisan letter, signed by more than 170 lawmakers from the Senate and House of Representatives, asks the Congolese government to expedite the process for children with health risks and to issue exit permits for adoptions that were approved prior to September 25, 2013 or were finalized on or after that date.     “It is in this spirit of goodwill and respect that we, the undersigned Members of the United States Congress, write to ask for your help in resolving the over 460 adoption cases of Congolese children who either have been adopted or are in the process of being adopted by American families, yet who are unable to obtain exit permits due to a recent DRC suspension,” wrote Corker and other congressional leaders. “While we work together to ensure that all Congolese children are protected, we hope you will consider allowing the hundreds of American families who have legally completed the adoption process to move forward. The unexpected delay in the completion of these adoptions has resulted in over 460 children continuing to languish in institutions without the care of a permanent family.”  Advocacy groups indicate at least 23 families in Tennessee are affected by the DRC’s halt on adoptions. Senator Corker’s office has heard from a number of them who remain unable to bring their adopted children home. In addition to meeting with State Department officials, including the U.S. ambassador, and the ambassador of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Corker’s staff also has met with several families in various stages of the adoption process and continues to see how to provide further assistance that will eventually bring these children to the United States.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1eHKbs5.
Thank you President Obama for joining a unanimous Congress and signing S. 2195 into law today.   This is a great moment of clarity from the House, Senate, and White House. We have shown the world that when confronted with virulent anti-Americanism, we can stand together in defense of our national security.   The combined bipartisan support of both the Congress and the President sends Iran—and other rogue nations—the clear signal that the United Nations is not a back door through which they can attack the United States of America.
Thanks to President Obama for standing with a bipartisan, unanimous Congress and signing S. 2195 to #KeepTerroristsOut of the US!
Amid the darkness of persecution, a note of hope this Easter for Christians in the Middle East from Israel's Ambassador to the United Nations, Ron Prosor:
It is with a heavy heart that we remember the devastating explosion that took the lives, homes, and businesses of West a year ago today. We mourn for the families who have lost loved ones or suffered.   In spite of the wreckage, the community's sacrifice, courage, and steadfastness to renew the city of West inspires me and embodies the Texas spirit.    Today, we lift up the people of West in our prayers.
A recent Gallup poll showed that 76 percent of Wyoming residents trust their state government. That is understandable because state government is made up of  Wyoming folks, accountable to their neighbors. The Wyoming Legislature’s single topic bill rule is just one of the many ways in which Wyoming gets it right. That’s why more of Wyoming should be governed by Wyoming and less by agencies like the EPA.
Every year, Tax Day is a reminder that our complex tax laws desperately need reforms. My column this week discusses my efforts to promote a simpler, fairer system that provides certainty and encourages economic growth.
Yesterday I toured Kaufman Trailers in Beaver City and was grateful to speak at the ground breaking ceremony for Lexington Regional Health Center's new addition. Amazing to see the hard work of Nebraskans strengthening our communities and businesses.
Another wonderful visit with Nebraskans at this morning's Open Coffee in Holdrege! Appreciate everyone who attended and shared their views with me.
What was wrong with existing federal regulations that we needed 26,417 pages of new ones just last year? http://t.co/KyX54cu2DL
Why is our economy stuck in slow growth? $15,000 in regulatory costs / household might have something to do with it. http://t.co/SwBHr8PqxN
Town hall in Pewaukee: Good questions! http://t.co/qYuHHAWpa6
Great questions from a great crowd in West Jordan tonight. #utah #utpol
You can watch the live stream of my West Jordan town hall here.  I am looking forward to a great event!
My West Jordan town hall will be starting in about ten minutes.  If you aren't planning on attending, we will be streaming it from my Facebook page. #utah #utpol
I was disheartened to hear the news of former Rep. Don Dahl’s passing this afternoon. Don was a man of principle who served his country and returned home to improve his community and our state. I encourage all Kansans to join Robba and me in keeping his family in our thoughts and prayers during the days ahead.
Today’s decision by President Obama to extend the Keystone XL Pipeline comment period is yet another example of this administration prioritizing politics over what’s best for our country. This pattern of delay is unacceptable, especially when his own State Department said the project would support more than 40,000 jobs. The President must stop putting politics and special interests ahead of the energy security of our country and job creation for Americans.
This morning the staff of Citizens National Bank in Greenleaf welcomed me to Washington County, Kansas — the better Washington. In addition to the bank, I stopped by Watters-Gallagher Heating & Plumbing, Blue Valley Insurance, the post office, Greenleaf Grocery, Looking Glass Beauty Shop, United Farmers Co-op and Greenleaf Housing Authority.  Next, I stopped in Washington at Optometrist Dr. Larry Stoppel's office, Washington EMS, City Hall, First National Bank, the post office, Washington Health Mart, Mayberry's Restaurant, Casey's General Store and Crist & Pieschl Physical Therapy. Thanks for the warm welcome.
It's been great to be back in the state this week to hear from Kansans. I encourage you to read this The Newton Kansan story about my town hall meeting in Halstead.
I am tremendously disappointed in the administration's choice to delay indefinitely a decision on extending the Keystone XL pipeline. The world is too dangerous and our energy security too important, for President Obama not to have an opinion on such important matters. This administration’s attitude toward our historic alliance with Canada, the free flow of commerce with our friends, the development of a North American energy partnership and American jobs is unfortunate.
Thank you Eric at Ravn Alaska for getting me safely from Point Hope to Kotzebue last night. With so much travel in Rural Alaska done through the air, our bush pilots are a critical resource.  I'm always lucky to fly with some of the best!
The only way Alaska girls get around!  Glad my Rural Outreach Coordinator Deborah Vo trusted my snowmachine driving abilities to get us around Point Hope.
Whaling truly takes a community.  While the whaling captains deserve credit and praise in our whaling communities, let us not forget the impact of the whaling captain's wife. In the two days I was in Point Hope, I saw the amazing work done by Ramona Rock managing everything behind the scenes.  I visited with her at the kitchen table that like in many other homes throughout rural Alaska, also doubles as a sewing table. Ramona has been working tirelessly to make the white covers that all the crewmembers wear over their parkas when they are on the ice.
The whaling crews made it to the lead, but the wind kicked up making it unsafe to stay. I have to board a plane soon to go back to Kotzebue then on to Anchorage tonight, so I can't stay to see if they are able to land a bowhead.   I am so grateful for the hospitality I have experienced here in Point Hope.  There is nothing that can match the beauty of spring and the warmth of the people in our state.  I am truly blessed to be home.  God Bless everyone on the ice and water.
President Obama says he wants to help the middle class, yet he continually doles out welfare to the super-rich.   READ:http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2014/04/17/DOE-Solyndra-Sequel-We-re-Back-in-Business-With-4-Billion-Energy-Loans …
Sen. Sessions responds to the WSJ report about the possibility of House immigration votes this summer:   “A weary public has begged and pleaded for years with their elected officials to end the lawlessness. But from their comfortable station in Washington, President Obama and congressional Democrats have ignored the public pleas. Instead, they have put their collective weight behind an immigration bill that delivers a sweeping amnesty for open borders groups and a huge guest worker surge for corporations. Now the Wall Street Journal reports that House GOP leaders are considering a plan to move an apparently similar immigration plan this summer.  At a time when trust in the President is at record lows, Republicans should not sacrifice their own credibility with such a maneuver. Such action would represent a colossal breach of the public trust: saying one thing before the primaries and then doing another thing after. Republican leaders must recognize that our party is now the last line of defense for American workers. We must proudly embrace this responsibility. Republicans must expose the harm the Administration has done—not join it in delivering a hammer blow to the middle class.”  BACKGROUND INFORMATION The white House / Senate bill would: grant work permits and amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants; double the future flow of temporary guest workers filling jobs in nearly every sector of the U.S. economy; and triple the grants of permanent legal status over the next decade to mostly-lesser skilled immigrants (from 10 million to more than 30 million green cards). The effect, according to the Congressional Budget Office, would be to reduce wages, reduce per capita GNP, and increase unemployment.
Ranking Member Sessions recently sent an oversight letter to the Small Business Administration asking a series of questions about its 7(a) loan guarantee program. He observed that "the guarantee takes a substantive risk away from the bank making the loan... and very well could provide incentives for some banks to cut corners through the underwriting process. This is what economists call moral hazard and could have manifested itself with lenders being less than careful in their decisions to extend SBA loans." To read the full letter, please click the link below.
Let's #ActOnJobs--the #LEAPAct is a clear path forward.   Read more:ow.ly/vTLzL #OpportunityAgenda
Working with Senator Charles E. Schumer & Senator Mark Kirk to continue help for religious groups forced to flee homes due to their faith.
Col. Thomas W. Dugan, of Reading PA, was declared MIA on Dec. 13, 1968 in Vietnam. He has been confirmed KIA. #RIP.
Sending best thoughts to all those observing Good Friday and the Easter Triduum.
