Yesterday, Senator Alexander spoke to the Maryville Kiwanis Club about how it is too hard to find a job in this country and the need to get Washington out of the way of Tennessee businesses trying to expand and create more good jobs.
Today I held another law enforcement listening session with Springfield-area officials to learn more about their tactics, equipment, policies, and challenges.
St. Louis Cardinals and Kansas City Royals both in the final four – it’s a great season for Missouri baseball. #ShowMeSeries #Royals #STLCards
I’ve heard from many concerned Arkansans about the administration’s critical habitat designation. This proposal would impact Arkansas families, farms, businesses and communities and threaten private property. That’s why I’m pressuring the administration to withdraw the proposals.
I'm honored to receive the National Association of Manufacturers Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence.
NA
Reminder: I will be hosting a series of town hall meetings across the Idaho Panhandle this week. My first stop is scheduled for Moyie Springs tonight.  For the full list of local town meetings, click here:    Wednesday, October 8 Moyie Springs: IFG Forest Products Mill, 3082 Roosevelt Rd.  5:00 PM to 6:00 PM   Hit “like” and “share” to help spread the word.
Senator Collins spoke to a great crowd this week at the Damariscotta-Newcastle Rotary Club breakfast. 
Cornyn on CBO Report: Nation is Drowning in Debt: 
Will join the Kelly File live on Fox News tonight at 8 PM CT. I hope you'll tune in!
Marriage is, and always has been, a question for the states. Not unelected judges. Marriage laws should reflect the values and mores of the citizens of each state.
#SecureTheBorder NOW!  http://www.nationalreview.com/campaign-spot/389829/isis-fighters-getting-caught-coming-across-us-mexican-border-jim-geraghty
Did you know that Wyoming is host to one of best supercomputers in the world? As part of my Wyoming Works Tour, I visited the NCAR Wyoming Supercomputer Center in Cheyenne on Tuesday. It provides universities access to a unique super computer that allows research of highly complex earth systems, such as weather patterns. It also hosts an amazing data storage and archival facility that can hold a thousands times more information than the Library of Congress currently holds. #WyoWorks
If you’re a college student or graduate, have you considered applying for a spring internship in my Washington, D.C. office? As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. Please share this great opportunity with family and friends. The deadline to apply is November 6. Find out more and how to apply by clicking the link below. 
If you had any doubt...President Obama’s foreign policy has hit rock bottom.
410 students. Johnston HS Q&A. Marijuana, Ebola, ISIS, student debt, immigration, VAWA, student aid, etc.
Met w 19 Military Retirees at Mcdonalds in Urbandale. Q&A DOD $$, retirement issues, voter ID, budget, civics edu
Today, marks 50 years since Congress voted to designate Lake Mead, the nation’s largest man-made reservoir, as America’s first National Recreation Area. Since that time, Lake Mead has been a favorite spot for locals and tourists to boat, fish, camp, and hike. Over the past 77 years, Lake Mead has attracted almost 400 million visitors. As the water level of the lake has dropped dramatically over the past decade due to the severe drought in the West, I’m working hard in the U.S. Senate to ensure that Lake Mead is properly cared for and maintained, so that Nevadans and our visitors can enjoy it for many generations to come.
“Today’s decision is an important step forward in improving railroad transparency, which will help our shippers and agriculture producers make informed decisions as they work to get their products to market. However, there is still more to be done. We are going to continue our push to ensure railroads make the much-needed investments in rail infrastructure and personnel to resolve existing rail delays, especially during harvest, and prevent future delays.”
Thanks to all the Army Corps of Engineers officials and city and county leaders who participated in today's roundtable discussion in Devils Lake to review flood mitigation projects in the region.
Thanks to an invite from Dan Traynor, I'm looking forward to stopping by Devils Lake Rotary later today.
“One of our first tasks in the governor’s office more than a decade ago was the need to address an ever expanding Devils Lake, and that work has continued here in the Senate. Back then we launched an approach that included mitigation to protect homes, roads and other infrastructure, as well as the construction of outlets on the lake to carefully control releases of water in order to protect people and property. While we will always need to be vigilant, today the community of Devils Lake has a new lease on life and is growing again for the first time in more than 20 years.”
I met with the Guthrie News Leader while I was in town today and discussed current events. If you are in the area, be sure to pick up a copy of the paper tomorrow.
There is no reason why over 35,000 of the most talented people in Illinois should not be able to find work. I was honored to meet with many of our nation's heroes and help them find work at my Veterans Job Fair in Palatine.
Narcan has saved the lives of 100% of people who have used it in DuPage County, but distribution of the drug is being halted by bureaucrats at the FDA.  Without FDA approval, more teens will die. Learn more about the fight against heroin: 
Today I joined a group of 13 Republican senators in urging House Speaker John Boehner to protect Congress’ power of the purse and prohibit the Obama administration from dispersing unlawful risk corridor payments that expose taxpayers to an #ObamaCare bailout.
On Monday, I called on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to implement new Ebola-specific screenings at U.S. airports. I was pleased to learn today that enhanced screening measures will be implemented at high-traffic U.S. airports. Given Ebola’s long incubation period, entry screenings are not the full solution, but this is a step in the right direction. As we work to fight Ebola abroad, we also must make certain our homeland is protected.
Following my remarks at Oberlin Rotary Club yesterday, I held a town hall meeting at the Gateway Civic Center. Thanks to all the folks who came out to share their thoughts on issues facing Kansas and the nation including students from Decatur Community Junior/Senior High School. Here, I'm pictured with Sarah Fredrickson (upper right), Ralph and Norma Unger (upper left) and Decatur Community Junior/Senior High School Seniors who are members of Student Council. Thanks again to John Sater for the hosting my visit. (photos courtesy of the Oberlin Herald)
Making certain Kansans have access to affordable, quality health care has been and continues to be one of my priorities in Congress. To ensure Kansas towns survive and flourish, the unique health care needs of rural Americans must be addressed. Today, I stopped by Decatur County Hospital to learn firsthand the vital role they play in caring for the residents of Decatur County. Here, I'm pictured with Decatur Health Systems CEO Mr. Owens, Ms. Deb Klima and Mr. Lorentz.
The Obama Administration's use of financial regulators to harass lawful America businesses it dislikes sets a very troubling precedent. DOJ needs real to provide Congress with real answers about "Operation Choke Point."
Happy William A. Egan Day, Alaska! Governor Egan was the longest serving governor in Alaska's history, serving three terms in office between 1959 and 1974. Alaska's "homegrown" governor was active in securing statehood, passing the 1971 Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, and creating the first State ferry system.
I want to say thank you to the fun and eager kids in the K-2 class at Kwigillingok School that let me come and visit yesterday!  Half of the school day is taught in Yup'ik, to keep the language tradition alive there. Here I am learning some Yup'ik words from a very good teacher
Rubio, Colleagues To Boehner: We Must Protect Congressional Authority, Prohibit ObamaCare Bailout: http://1.usa.gov/1uB8BJk  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today led a group of Republican senators in urging House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) to protect Congress’ power of the purse and prohibit the Obama administration from dispersing unlawful risk corridor payments that expose taxpayers to an ObamaCare bailout.   In a letter to Speaker Boehner, the senators expressed concern over the Administration’s intent to disregard Congressional authority by spending unappropriated and unauthorized funds through ObamaCare’s risk corridor program, and highlighted the risk the program poses to taxpayers should insurers systematically lose money on exchange plans.   “Unfortunately, President Obama and his administration have exhibited their intent to disregard the law and ignore the Constitution,” wrote the senators.   “The American people expect us, as Members of Congress, to fulfill our Oath of Office and defend the Constitution,” the senators added. “Therefore, we must act to protect Congress’ power of the purse and prohibit the Obama administration from dispersing unlawful risk corridor payments providing for an Obamacare taxpayer bailout.” 
Last week I was honored to meet with WWII and Korean War veterans from Tuscaloosa during their Honor Flight.  To learn more about their trip, view this great "Spirit of Alabama" report from Alabama's 13: http://www.alabamas13.com/story/26730923/spirit-of-alabama-honor-flight?autoStart=true&topVideoCatNo=default&clipId=10666878
Honored to receive the Taxpayers' Friend Award from the National Taxpayers Union for standing up for fiscal discipline, lower taxes and economic opportunity and freedom.  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-honored-%E2%80%9Ctaxpayers%E2%80%99-friend-award%E2%80%9D-nation%E2%80%99s-largest-taxpayer-group
