IN CASE YOU MISSED IT, Bridgestone America announced Tuesday that it will build its new headquarters in Nashville, bringing 600 new jobs to Tennessee. Senator Alexander praised Bridgestone’s decision, which makes it one of many other companies, such as Hankook Tire, Beretta, and General Motors, to recently announce they will be expanding to Tennessee and bringing many new, good jobs the state.   Alexander says, “Bridgestone’s decision to build its new headquarters in downtown Nashville and bring 600 additional jobs to Tennessee is further proof that our state is headed in the right direction. Tennessee’s low taxes, right-to-work law and other advantages continue to make it an ideal place for the automotive industry to invest.”  Read more from WKRN here: http://www.wkrn.com/story/27356652/bridgestone-announces-plans-to-move-headquarters-to-downtown-nashville  http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=17a8e25c-7281-4b54-91ee-0ad77c0e80ea
Contrary to what the Obama Administration believes, Missourians aren’t “stupid.” We understand ObamaCare has led to skyrocketing premiums, canceled coverage, fewer doctors, and devastating job losses. Missouri was the first state in the nation to go to the ballot box and reject the president’s flawed health care law in 2010. ObamaCare is still fundamentally flawed, and it needs to be repealed and replaced with common-sense health care solutions.
I was happy to salute our veterans yesterday and share with  FOX16 News services available for Arkansas veterans, new therapies available and how my office can help. If you missed the interview you can watch it at the link below.
In case you missed our interview with KASU, you can listen to the interview by following the link below. We talked about Veterans Day, the new Congress' potential agenda and today's Appropriations Hearing on Ebola.
I'll be joining KASU Public Radio in about 20 minutes. You can listen live by clicking the link below.
NA
President Obama continues to pursue policies that will drive up U.S. energy prices, kill American jobs and make our economy less competitive. This agreement doubles down on the administration’s misguided war on coal, threatening the reliability of our electricity grid. More troubling, President Obama continues to use executive action to go around Congress, even though the American people, through their elected representatives, explicitly rejected policies similar to the president’s Climate Action Plan.
NA
Senator Collins participated in today's Veterans Day parade and ceremony in Portland.
Senator Collins participated in a Veterans Day ceremony at Stearns Junior/Senior High School in Millinocket and in the Veterans Day parade today in Portland.    "Whether they serve in the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard, or the Merchant Marines, whether they serve in the active duty forces, the National Guard or the reserves, they pay the price of our freedom in times of conflict, and they are our shield in times of peace.  We honor those who paid the ultimate price, whether they lie at rest in foreign lands or in their hometowns.  We honor those who lived beyond their years of military service but have since passed on.  We honor those who remain missing and pledge that they never will be forgotten.  And we honor those veterans who are with us today.  We owe them all a great debt."
Cornyn: New GOP Senate Majority an Opportunity to Work Together:
Sen. Cornyn Meeting with GOP Senators-Elect:
In September 2013, the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) suspended the issuance of exit permits for children adopted by foreign parents. According to the State Department, approximately 325 children who have been legally adopted by U.S. families await exit letters, including several children with urgent, life-threatening medical problems. Advocacy groups indicate more than 20 families in the Volunteer State are affected by the DRC’s halt on adoptions. Senator Corker has met with several Tennessee families, including the Sokolowksi family of Nashville, in various stages of the adoption process and continues to work toward a solution that will bring the children home to the United States.  Last week, the Sokolowskis shared their story with WTVC-TV NewsChannel 9 News in Chattanooga and said Senator Corker “provided them with hope” throughout their two year journey. Click on the image below to learn more.  A top priority of Senator Corker’s is providing access and assistance to Tennesseans. If you are a resident of Tennessee and need assistance resolving any challenge you may be experiencing with a federal agency, please contact one of our six state offices for casework assistance. You can read more information about how our office can help you with a federal agency by clicking here: http://bit.ly/CorkerHelpsTennesseans.
Obama's net neutrality proposal is already hurting broadband investment. Uncertainty is bad for business and bad for consumers.
Special interests are still pushing hard for the Internet Sales Tax in the lame duck session. Just say no! #NoNetTax #NotNowNotEver
Employing over 100 people, EMIT Technologies in Sheridan works to get companies the best emission control products possible for the natural gas industry. They are unique in that EMIT not only manufactures the products, but offers field services, emission management, training and more to their customers. Thanks to EMIT co-founder and Vice President Sue Osborn for the tour.  #WyoWorks
While visiting the School of Energy Resources at the University of Wyoming, on October 27 I was able to experience what it was like to use their Shell 3-D Visualization research laboratory. The laboratory combines high-resolution stereoscopic projections and 3-D computer graphics to create a virtual environment where researchers can analyze, interpret and share a wide variety of spatially related data, allowing researches and students to take full advantage of the their information.  #WyoWorks
Wyoming has some of the best entrepreneurs in the world. At the Wyoming Technology Business Center in Laramie, they are helping some of these entrepreneurs turn great ideas into a successful business. Thanks to ESal, Alpenglow Instruments, and Bright Agrotech for taking the time to talk to me on October 27 about their up and coming businesses. #WyoWorks
Senator John Barrasso and I met today with Gold Medal Olympian Tommy Moe and Jackson Hole Mountain Resort President Jerry Blann in my DC office. Tommy Moe was the first American skier to win two medals in one year at the Olympic games.
Busy week in foreign relations. Getting ready to talk #Cuba, #ISIL and #Ukraine with Wolf Blitzer in the CNN The Situation Room at 6:07 ET.
We must never allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons, period.  And no deal Barack Obama makes with Iran should be binding unless Congress approves it.
"Senator Landrieu today asked that my bill to approve the Keystone XL pipeline be brought up for a vote. On that bill we have all 45 Republicans, plus eleven Democrats, for a total of 56 cosponsors. Now, Senator Landrieu believes she can bring four more Democrats to get to the required 60 votes to pass and get Senator Reid to allow a vote.  “I have been working for years to pass this legislation, and now the Democratic caucus seems ready to move on it. Elections have consequences. All along, I have said – and I believe – we will pass Keystone because the American people support it. I thought we would have to wait until the new Congress is seated to have the 60 votes. But if 15 Democrats will join us, we can pass the bill now, and we should.  “The Keystone XL pipeline is about energy, jobs, helping to grow our economy and increasing national security by increasing energy security. We do not want to depend on the Middle East for oil when we can produce it at home, along with our closest ally Canada. But to have a sound energy plan, we need the infrastructure to move that energy to market, safely and efficiently.  “Pipelines like the Keystone XL are a vital part of that infrastructure – to move not only oil from Canada, but also from the Bakken oil fields in North Dakota and Montana."
Interested in an internship with my office? Applications for the spring session (Jan-May) are due Friday, Nov. 14. Learn more and apply at: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/internships
Oklahoma native, Dr. Suzan Harjo is among the nineteen individuals that will receive the esteemed Presidential Medal of Freedom award later this month. This honor not only acknowledges Dr. Harjo, but also the vast American Indian population that live in Oklahoma, and around our nation, that she continues to care for and champion.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/11iksBm
In the President’s new climate deal announced last night, the United State will be required to more steeply reduce our carbon emissions while China won’t have to reduce anything. It’s a non-binding charade, and here is my reason why: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-us-china-climate-deal-a-non-binding-charade
More than 700,000 veterans call communities across Illinois home.  Please join me this #VeteransDay and every day in thanking our nation's heroes for their service.  To learn more about my work on behalf of veterans, please visit my website:
Jonathan Gruber, one of the architects of #Obamacare, said lack of transparency, is a huge political advantage.  This is exactly the kind of thing we need to change in Washington. Obamacare was passed without anybody reading it, and sadly, this sort of thing is far more common than it should be. The very first thing we need to do is restore the trust of the American people by having an open process where members of both parties get to produce amendments and have those amendments discussed, debated and voted upon.  Restoring this process is one of the reasons why I'm looking forward to a change in leadership in the Senate next year.
There is still time to sign up for tonight's tele-townhall. There have been many recent developments that I am looking forward to discussing with you. I am also looking forward to discussing my plan to fix Congress with Republicans in control of the Senate. The event starts at 7:00 p.m. MT, and you can sign up here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
I want to find out where Loretta Lynch stands in whether she believes the president may extend amnesty to illegal immigrants in violation of the law.  I do not believe the president has this authority, and if she believes he has this power, I would like to see the legal theory she uses to come to this conclusion.   What do you think the Senate needs to learn about Loretta Lynch before she is confirmed to replace Eric Holder as the next attorney general?
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Tim Hallows. Pictured in this photo is his father, Brice Hallows. Brice is from Aurora, Sevier Co. Utah and was drafted into military service January 3, 1945.  Brice completed basic training and Marine training at Camp Joseph H. Pendleton at Ocean Side, California.  His group boarded a troop transport ship (U.S.S. Admiral C.F. Hughes) heading for the island of Guam in the Mariana Island group.  After a brief tour on Guam he boarded another ship sailing to Okinawa, the largest island in the Ryukyu chain.  On Okinawa Brice was exposed to constant rifle fire, large artillery embattlements, explosions and fighter planes over head.  He dug many fox-holes for survival and protection, strung wires for field communications, blasted caves, carried out wounded men, had his rifle shot from his hands, and participated in the largest amphibious assault in WWII history on the Ryukyu Peninsula, for which his regiment received the Presidential Unit Citation with Battle Star.
Enjoyed a great conversation Monday with Bob Schieffer on my new book, Thirteen Soldiers:
My latest book, Thirteen Soldiers, published this #VeteransDay. It tells the remarkable stories of one U.S. solider from each of the 13 major military wars America has fought - a tribute to all those who have served and sacrificed for our nation. Learn more:
WASHINGTON, D.C. – U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell issued the following statement on the agreement to hold a Senate vote on construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline:  “The American people have elected a new Republican Majority in the Senate and that has already made a difference. I was glad to see that Senate Democrats have finally backed off trying to obstruct construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline, the single largest shovel-ready project in America. I hope this post-election conversion on Keystone signals Democrat cooperation on a whole host of other energy bills they have blocked, and whose passage would help to make America more energy-independent.”
'This unrealistic plan, that the President would dump on his successor, would ensure higher utility rates and far fewer jobs.’
Welcome, GOP Senators-elect!
NA
What a win-win for Alaska! College campuses all over Alaska from Barrow to the Aleutians will receive $23.8 million in biomedical research funding to advance education of minority students to save lives and improve health care in rural Alaska.   It’s a positive advancement to keep promising students in Alaska while also empowering them to carve out an important career path.
I topped off the day with some First Class camouflage ice cream at Baskin Robins. Yum! Glad I was able to find it :)
I commemorated this day by attending a moving Veterans Day ceremony at JBER. Verdie Bowen, State Veterans Affairs Director, challenged us to commit to not letting our veterans become invisible. Later on in the day, after attending a Canadian Remembrance Day ceremony at the National Cemetery, I paid my respects to my aunt DD who who served our nation as a Captain in the U.S. Navy. Thank you again to all the men and women who took an oath of service like no other!
My Senate office is now accepting spring internship applications. The application deadline is November 15, 2014.   Learn more about the program HERE: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=internships
Today I was proud to again celebrate the 239th Birthday of the U.S. Marine Corps with the Commandant, Gen. Joseph F. Dunford, Jr. at a congressional ceremony. As the most senior Marine in the Congress, I had the honor of presenting the cake to the youngest Marine. Semper fi.
Today, I had the privilege of meeting with the newly elected members of the United States Senate. I’m looking forward to working alongside my new Republican colleagues to break the gridlock and deliver commonsense, conservative solutions for our country.  My first priority in the new Republican Senate is to repeal and replace Obamacare, a priority I know is shared by many of my newly elected colleagues.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=52b185b0-eee9-43f7-bbcf-cb0ca6563441
For those interested in interning in my Washington, D.C. office for the upcoming spring semester, the deadline for applications is December 1, 2014. Please visit roberts.senate.gov to apply.
I wrote an editorial for the Kansas City Star this morning laying out my plans for the road ahead. In the Senate majority, my focus will be to change the direction of our country and deliver constructive, conservative solutions to Washington.  http://www.kansascity.com/opinion/readers-opinion/as-i-see-it/article3786685.html
NA
To read more about Private First Class Herschel Miller's story, visit: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/honoring-alabama-s-veterans
Sen. Sessions published an op-ed in Politico explaining that Congress must include in its government funding bill a prohibition on executive amnesty. Sen. Sessions wrote in part:   "We cannot surrender Congress’ most powerful Constitutional tool before a single newly elected Republican is sworn-in...Obama's immigration orders will have a crushing impact on the jobs, wages, schools, hospitals, police departments, and communities of our constituents. The consequences will be swift, profound, and catastrophic. Who will protect them, if not us?   In a battle between Congress and the President—over whether to save our citizens’ jobs, laws, and borders, or whether to eliminate them—there is no doubt the public will be firmly on our side.   We cannot yield to open borders. We cannot let one executive edict erase the immigration laws of an entire nation. If we believe America is a sovereign country, with enforceable boundaries, and a duty to protect its own people, then we have no choice but to fight and to win."
"Scott speaks with actions as well as words in saying veterans need to be honored for their commitment to the nation’s freedom, and the sacrifices of their families should be noted as well. “I have seen first hand the commitment required by the servicemen and women and their families, and it is truly incredible.”  We thank Scott for his emphasis on veterans and join the senator in saluting his two brothers and all others serving in the military, and saying a heartfelt “thank you” to all who have served before them."  http://thetandd.com/news/opinion/sen-tim-scott-due-praise-for-focus-on-veterans/article_76280932-6945-11e4-ac52-47376a0c1584.html
Enjoyed sitting down with Greta Van Susteren this week to discuss ISIS and the need for a long-term strategy.
Today, my State Director Bob Desousa attended a 50th anniversary commemoration of the Vietnam War at West Chester University of PA. Here is a picture of him presenting a citation to Jon Reynolds, a proud veteran of the Air Force and #POW in Vietnam.
