If you are out hitting the Black Friday sales, consider visiting your smaller local retailers tomorrow on Small Business Saturday. Learn more by following the link below.
Governor Mead and I had the privilege of sharing Thanksgiving dinner with Wyoming National Guard troops serving in Bahrain. We were honored to visit with over 160 members of the 133rd Engineering Company—a unit based out of Laramie that is stationed at Isa Air Base in Bahrain. The soldiers, who are over halfway through their deployment, gave us a tour of the base and updated us on operations in the Middle East. We made sure that these troops knew that everyone in Wyoming is proud of their service and the work they’re doing to keep us safe and free.
WSJ: "Can the government compel a Jewish deli not to be kosher? The radical implication of the White House argument is that the Constitution doesn't apply to commercial activity" [or because of the way it chooses to do business, for example as a sole-proprietorship, a partnership, or a corporation].
Today, I held another Kansas Listening Tour stop at the Tasty Pastry Bakery & Coffee Shop in Clay Center. This was my 1,002nd town hall, and every conversation I have with Kansans at these events helps me to make commonsense decisions in Washington, D.C.   The more than 25 attendees asked about a variety of issues that concern our state on the federal level including Obamacare, the farm bill, the budget, veterans and military issues, and shopping local. As I continue to schedule Listening Tour stops, I look forward to hearing from folks across the state.
I know many of you have Black Friday hangover, but don’t forget to save some of your holiday dollars for to empower local businesses and connect to the community.  Tomorrow, get out and support our local businesses through Small Business Saturday.  When we support local businesses, that money stays right here in Alaska.  What better gift for not only those on our shopping list, but also our Alaskan community as a whole?  I do hope you’ll join me tomorrow, on Small Business Saturday, in supporting all of our wonderful local businesses.
Happy Thanksgiving, Alaska!
Don't forget, tomorrow is Small Business Saturday. Get out there and spend your shopping dollars on Main Street to invest in your community.
Terrific to hear that the White House Christmas tree was provided by Crystal Spring Tree Farm near Lehighton. http://t.co/fPeONktlGj
