Thursday, Sen. Alexander met with Korean War veteran Edmond Prater, of Clarksville, Tenn., and his family. Prater was in Washington for the 60th anniversary of the Korean War Armistice, which is celebrated today.
On July 27, 1953, the Korean War armistice was signed at Panmunjom, ending three years of fighting. Thank you Korean War veterans.
Congrats to Chobani on the news that that they have been chosen as the supplier for United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Greek yogurt pilot program. Excellent news for jobs in Idaho and our students.
Honoring the 60th anniversary of the end of the Korean War today in Lewiston-Auburn.  Thank you to all who served.
RIP: George P. Mitchell, who turned hydraulic fracturing from an experimental technique into an energy-industry mainstay, making it possible to pump oil and gas from once untappable rocks and unleashing an energy boom across the U.S.
Movie "42" a shocking reminder of were we were and how far we have come
On Thursday, Senator Corker welcomed Edmond Prater, a Korean War veteran and Purple Heart recipient from Clarksville, Tenn., to his Capitol Hill office. Mr. Prater and his family were in Washington for today’s ceremony commemorating the 60th anniversary of the Korean War armistice.
Great to join the Western Conservative Summit. Together we can defund Obamacare if we stand up and demand it!
On the 60th anniversary of the armistice ending the Korean War we thank all Americans who served and pray all Koreans will one day know freedom.
This wk prezObama "pivots" back to jobs(again) in speech in Illinois Why wld he pivot bk Why he take eye off ball w  constant7.5%joblessness
Beware of "transnationalists" If u don't want UN to compromise our Constitution read abt JohnKyl in WSJournal oped 7/20/13
Beginning in the 1870s, Czech immigrants from Bohemia migrated to Wilson, Kansas, to work on the railroad, establishing the community’s culture and eventual designation as the “Czech Capital of Kansas.” This morning I was pleased to join Wilson residents in celebration of their heritage at the community’s 53rd Annual After Harvest Czech Festival.
Today is the 60th anniversary of the cease-fire that halted the 1950-53 Korean War. I encourage you to pay tribute to U.S. veterans of the Korean War today. The Wichita American Legion is hosting an event in their honor.
Ted Stevens Day is such a great annual tradition for Alaskans to remember him by -- whether at events together, out in nature hiking, fishing or on the water. To share it with Catherine Stevens earlier today in Anchorage was incredibly special.
Gorgeous day out in Anchorage, perfect to Get Out and Play for Uncle Ted.  I had a great time with members of the Stevens family and many Alaskans! I want to thank my new friend Ayesha with the Special Olympics for introducing me.  Hope everyone is having a great Ted Stevens Day and soaking up the great weather.  Next stop, Fairbanks!
Thanks to all the fellow riders at the Pan Ohio Hope Ride today. 75 miles in the rain in support of cancer research.
"Instead of trying to save the Schumer bill with a ‘comprehensive’ accord, Republicans need to focus on helping out-of-work Americans find good-paying jobs that can support a family. The comprehensive effort underway in Congress not only provides amnesty before security measures are achieved but calls for an unprecedented increase in low-skill immigration. Our immigration system is of course broken, but the efforts we are seeing now would make things much worse—particularly for struggling workers of all backgrounds." - JS
A room full of #heroes. Truly an amazing day meeting so many of our state's Korean War #veterans. Thank you all for your service, our nation is forever in debt.
Presentation of the colors in North Charleston. #thankyou #southcarolina #koreanwar #veterans
We have some great Korean War era military vehicles, uniforms and more for our North Charleston ceremony. #thankyou #veterans
Our keynote speaker this morning is Lt. Bill Funchess - a Korean War POW with an amazing story. #ThankYou
Our Korean War veterans honor ceremony in Spartanburg is starting now. #ThankYou
It is truly an honor for us to celebrate our nation's Korean War era veterans today, on the 60th anniversary of the Korean armistice. We'll be posting pictures from our honor ceremonies in Spartanburg (9a) and North Charleston (4p) throughout the day - please join me in saying #ThankYou.
Today marks the 60th Anniversary of the armistice that ended the Korean War. We as a nation owe a great debt of gratitude to all those brave soldiers that fought and paid the ultimate sacrifice in America's "Forgotten War."
