ICYMI: In the Washington Examiner article, “Sebelius either lied or was ignorant of Obamacare woes,” Paul Bedard writes: “The political war over the fumbled implementation of Obamacare reached a new level Friday when two key GOP leaders suggested that Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius either lied or was ignorant about the woes in the system, bragging that it was in tip-top shape and ready for use. In a letter, Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., and Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., also threatened to subpoena Obamacare documents if Sebelius continues to stonewall their investigation.” Follow this link to read Alexander’s letter to Sebelius: http://bit.ly/18ksm8J
Harry Reid says you want to pay more taxes. Do you?
My time 35:33. Mike 35:32 Race for Cure DesMoines 5K
Getting ready for Race for Cure dsMoines xpect 25000 Mrs G is survivor of 25 yrs My running partner is faithful former staffMikeSteenhoek
It's a big day for football in #Nevada. Best of luck to both teams! Cc: Nevada Wolf Pack, UNLV Athletics
 #BattleBorn #RebelsUnited
On this Day of the Deployed, we honor our deployed service members and their families. We are grateful for these brave Americans and their families and thank them for the many sacrifices they make to keep our country free.
Veterans returning home from Iraq and Afghanistan face an unemployment rate that is 3% higher than the national average. If you are a veteran in Illinois, I want to hear about your experience looking for a job after separating from the military. Contact me here: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=comment_on_legislation
We have been operating in an odd way in Washington for 4½ years. The regular process involves passing a dozen appropriation bills to fund different aspects of government to go category by category to fund defense, transportation, agricultural programs; but when you operate with a continuing resolution as we have for the past four years, you lump everything together.  The problem with doing that is you put members of Congress in a position of colluding. It’s not really compromise, in my opinion, to pass a continuing resolution again and again. It’s not really good for the people we serve. It’s sometimes only good for the political establishment. Just passing something to keep government funded at current levels is touted as a compromise, but it’s really an act of collusion in the sense that they know this isn’t good for the people.
What a memorable week for the first-ever Last Frontier Honor Flight -- a trip to Washington, DC with visit to the memorials there, topped off by an incredible rally when they returned to Anchorage this afternoon!  I thank them for their service, every Alaskan who donated to their cause, and the hundreds who came out to greet them when they got back today.
Also: I want to congratulate Ana Hoffman and Tara Sweeney for being elected co-chairs of the AFN Board today. This is the first time two women have been chosen, and I look forward to working with them!
Thanks to everyone at AFN for the tremendous and warm reception to my speech today.  I pledge to continue to listen to you, empower you and work for you to bring about positive and enduring change.
Spending the day at AFN, catching up with friends like Martina John from Tooksok Bay who makes beautiful wearable art with seal skin.
Today is National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day. Find a Take-Back Initiative Collection Site near you.
Thank you to all our military men and women as they protect our way of life and defend our country.
ICYMI: Excerpt from Sen. Sessions' statement on immigration policy: "The Senate bill would double the number of guest workers at a time when a record 90 million Americans are outside the work force. We need to get Americans off of unemployment, off of welfare, and back into the labor force — but the ‘reforms’ proposed by the Senate would put even more Americans out of work.   Many of the same CEOs demanding that Congress increase guest workers are laying off thousands of American workers. This is a defining moment for the House Republicans. They must decide who they represent: certain activist CEOs lobbying Congress, or the national interest and the millions of Americans struggling to get by in this low job, low wage economy."
Town Hall and BBQ at North Greenville University homecoming this afternoon!
Great time at the Pee Dee Electric Co-op in Florence this morning. Heading to the Upstate - town hall at North Greenville University at noon.
Looking forward to seeing folks in the Pee Dee and the Upstate today!
