Another Obamacare #BrokenPromise: Yesterday Sen. Alexander released the following statement on the Obama administration report that 65 percent of small businesses will see health insurance premiums increase under Obamacare: “Now even the Obama administration admits that Obamacare will increase costs for two out of three small businesses, likely causing more employees to lose the insurance they were promised they could keep.” http://1.usa.gov/1bK0vXV
Sen. Alexander shared some laughs with students from Lipscomb University in Nashville after this morning’s Tennessee Tuesday in Washington, D.C. If you are interested in joining Sens. Alexander and Corker during your visit to Washington, visit Alexander’s website for more information:  http://1.usa.gov/1jKp7kd
Majority Leader Harry Reid claimed today that your ObamaCare "horror stories" are all "untrue." I've gone to the Senate floor at least 10 times to share your stories about the real impact of this flawed law. Does Senator Reid believe Missourians are making this up? Visit my website to share your story: bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts
Missouri serves a vital role in the defense of our country. Our state is the home to hundreds of thousands of active duty servicemen and women, civilian defense employees, military families, and private sector contractors. I’m concerned about Secretary Hagel’s announcement this week that he will reduce the size of the U.S. Army to pre-WWII levels and eliminate attack aviation assets in the Army National Guard. We must ensure that our men and women in uniform have the resources they need to protect the country, and we should not slash defense funding in a way that jeopardizes our national security. 
Approximately 34,000 veterans have been waiting for a year or longer on requests for disability compensation. Instead of adding more veterans to the backlog or playing political games, let's make a real effort to #FixTheVA.  
The Sanders’ veterans bill expands eligibility to the VA health care system to veterans who don’t have a service disability, but it does not provide the resources necessary to make sure that this expansion can happen without resulting in more frustrations and delays for veterans already in the VA system.  Veterans waiting for their disability claims to be processed know all about frustrations and delays at the VA – our veterans deserve better. 
We enjoyed our meeting with Lead Arkansas participants who are visiting DC to learn how policies are made at the federal level. You'll probably find some familiar faces.
We'll be joining Dave Elswick for a discussion about the proposed military cuts in 10 minutes. You can listen live here http://www.karnnewsradio.com/
ICYMI: We need to improve our current VA services before imposing new demands on the department. We are helping many Arkansas veterans get the benefits they deserve but there are many problems that stall how their claims are processed at VA. We need to fix this.
Heading to the Senate floor to talk about improving the existing veterans services.
We had a great visit with Smackover High School students during their visit to Washington, D.C. They asked some good questions about the policies under consideration in Washington and how we work to help Arkansas.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said this morning on the floor of the U.S. Senate that in regards to Obamacare, “there’s plenty of horror stories being told. All of them are untrue, but they’re being told all over America.” First off, there are plenty of real people in Wyoming and across the country who are being hurt by Obamacare. If this wasn't true, why has the President unilaterally delayed so many parts of his own law?
NA
I just spoke on the Senate floor in opposition to the Obama Administration’s proposal to make additional cuts to Medicare Advantage, a popular program for seniors. In Indiana alone, there are over 230,000 Hoosiers enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan. According to estimates by the Kaiser Family Foundation, over half a million Medicare Advantage enrollees will lose their existing coverage in 2014.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a63BHqajj18&feature=youtu.be
President Obama is scheduled to speak in St. Paul, Minn., today to discuss a new initiative he hopes will create jobs and stimulate economic growth. Ironically, Minnesota is home to several medical device manufacturers, including Medtronic, one of the industry’s largest device makers. Similar to Cook Medical in Bloomington and other Indiana-based companies, Medtronic is paying the price for the 2.3 percent excise tax on total sales of medical devices included in Obamacare. This misguided tax is costing jobs in Indiana, Minnesota and across the country. 
Best wishes to Jim Banks and his family. Thank you for your continued service and sacrifices.
Recently, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) announced yet another round of cuts to the successful Medicare Advantage (MA) program for 2015.  Due to Obamacare, over the next two years, MA will see about $45.5 billion in cuts on top of these recent reductions proposed by CMS.  Last week, I  led a bipartisan coalition of forty senators who wrote to CMS in support of MA and the beneficiaries that enjoy these plans.  The letter requested CMS minimize disruption in maintaining payment levels for 2015.  For the 15 million Americans and over 70,000 Idahoans enrolled in MA plans, this announcement from CMS will likely mean more cancelled plans.  Unfortunately, a large portion of the Medicare beneficiary population could become the latest victims of the president’s broken promise, ‘if you like your plan, you can keep it.’ 
The deadline is rapidly approaching for Idaho’s students to apply for internship opportunities in my Washington, D.C., office, or one of my six regional offices throughout Idaho.  Students have until March 1 to submit an application to be considered for an internship position for both the summer and fall semesters.  You can visit my website to learn more and submit an application.  www.crapo.senate.gov
The other members of the Idaho Congressioal Delegation and I welcome the Administration’s announcement, made over the weekend, that it plans to include a change in how fighting wildfires on public lands is funded in the upcoming 2015 budget outline—set to be released next week.  The change the Administration plans to include is a bill introduced by Senators Ron Wyden, Jim Risch and I in the U.S. Senate, and Representatives Mike Simpson, Raul Labrador and Kurt Schrader in the U.S.  House of Representatives.  The bipartisan bill aims to maintain public land restoration funding while shifting some firefighting money to disaster accounts, therefore protecting restoration actions such as logging, burning and habitat management.  The Administration’s support will be key in getting votes to pass this legislation to treat the most devastating of wildfires as the disasters that they are.  We can protect both firefighting and restoration efforts and provide more certainty for land planners and job creators alike in improving our public lands once this legislation is made law. 
Cornyn Responds To Reid Claim That Americans’ Obamacare Horror Stories Are False:
Just finished speaking with Sean Hannity. Hope you'll catch our discussion on Fox News tonight!
Today’s ruling by a federal judge, invalidating Texas’ ban on same-sex marriage, is a troubling display of judicial activism. Our Constitution leaves it to the States to define marriage, and unelected judges should not be substituting their own policy views for the reasoned judgments of the citizens of Texas, who adopted our marriage law directly by referendum. The court's decision undermines the institution of marriage, and I applaud Attorney General Abbott’s decision to appeal this ruling to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.
The United States should do all it can to help the people of Venezuela as they choose a different path, a path of freedom and prosperity, that will return this one-time enemy to its traditional role of our partner and friend.   It would benefit them, it would benefit us and it would benefit the world.
Abuse of power for partisan ends is wrong — no matter who does it. #MakeDCListen
The IRS is considering rules to stifle the speech of the same groups it illegally targeted.   Speak out against it: http://www.cruz.senate.gov/irs/
Two-thirds of Americans believe there should be continued congressional investigation of the #Benghazi attack.   Do you?
In order to keep his party from having to face politically tough votes, the majority leader has prohibited amendments from being added to bills. Too few members of Congress are being allowed to do their job. We need every American - left, right, and independent - to demand more votes. It’s time common sense makes a comeback. See the graph for more information.
While representing you in Congress is a major part of my job as senator, one of the other functions of my position is stepping in when you have a problem with the federal government. Whether you’re having trouble with the EPA or another agency, or having a difficult time getting a passport on time, I’m here to help. I have a dedicated staff that handles these issues and can help try and get your problem resolved as quickly as possible. We can help with Social Security issues, difficulties obtaining a visa, veterans and military issues, among others. Last year we helped hundreds across Wyoming with similar issues.   If you need help navigating the maze that is the federal government, click the link below to find contact information for getting help. I have office locations in Gillette, Casper, Cheyenne, Cody, and Jackson that are ready to help.
I am pleased that the House overwhelmingly approved the companion bill to the Flake-Roberts Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act. The Senate ought to take up and pass the Flake-Roberts bill without delay.
With @BenAffleck before today’s #Congo hearing. Last time we met I prevailed in a charity pushup contest. Now he’s #Batman. Touché.
Great read from the World-Herald on Olympic bobsledder Curt Tomasevicz's heartwarming return home from Sochi after winning a bronze medal. All Nebraskans are very proud of Curt. Go USA!
Today I spoke on the floor to express my opposition to Medicare Advantage cuts. Over 35,000 Nebraska seniors could lose access to their current doctors and see increased health care costs if these cuts take effect - all to fund ObamaCare. The President needs to keep his promises to seniors – "like" if you agree. 
Enjoyed speaking with the many Nebraskans who made the trip up to DC on this snowy morning. Look forward to meeting many more of you this year at our Nebraska Breakfast. You can find the 2014 schedule here: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/nebraska-breakfast
The bottom line is gridlock in Washington must never impede helping our veterans receive the benefits they earned in service to this country. #KeepThePromise
"Today’s Inspector General report makes clear that the Department of State did not violate its conflict of interest procedures in selecting ERM to conduct its environmental review of the Keystone XL pipeline project. The report affirms that the findings of the EIS, specifically its finding of no significant impact on the environment, are sound and impartial.  “With this development, the path should be clear for the State Department to issue an affirmative national interest determination based on the merit and importance of this much-needed energy infrastructure project for the nation.  “After more than five years, and five exhaustive environmental reviews, the Keystone XL pipeline project is perhaps the most thoroughly studied and long-delayed project of its kind in U.S. history. The Keystone XL pipeline will create thousands of jobs, boost revenues to help address our deficit and debt, and move the United States one step closer to North American energy independence. The President should approve the Keystone pipeline without further delay."
“This is great news for western North Dakota. We have been working to improve postal service in western North Dakota and this agreement will help do that by recruiting and retaining more carriers in Williston and beyond."
Sen. Johnson made the following statement today on Senator Harry Reid’s outrageous comments on the Senate floor.
Always an honor to see my good friend and American hero Capt. Jim Lovell, the commander of Apollo 13. http://instagram.com/p/k5dVrasqF0/
Thanks to Seth Rogen for speaking out about efforts to #ENDALZ. Share if you know someone affected by #Alzheimers.  For more real-time photos, follow my Instagram: http://instagram.com/p/k5R17IsqGH/
My prayers are with Bob's family.  He was a legend in broadcast news and will be missed throughout Central Illinois.
A public-private partnership is creating a new Digital Manufacturing Lab in Chicago, driving innovation and creating jobs in #Illinois. I'm proud to have worked with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to help bring this lab and thousands of jobs to our state.  READ MORE: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1002
Today, the president has offered a transportation plan to the country that should be familiar by now: send more money to Washington where the special interests get their cut, the politicians get the credit, and future generations get the bill. Unfortunately, his proposal is more about preserving a dysfunctional system than improving our roads. His plan to #RebuildAmerica is a top-down, DC-knows-best approach to do to our transportation infrastructure what Obamacare has done to our health care.  Conservatives have a fresh approach that will save money, reduce commuting times, grow the economy and create jobs, and allow state and local officials, who are ultimately responsible for infrastructure projects, to respond more quickly to the transportation needs of each state.  The Transportation Empowerment Act creates a new system where Americans would no longer have to send significant gas-tax revenue to Washington, where politicians, bureaucrats, and lobbyists siphon off precious resources before sending it back to the states with strings attached. Instead, under this proposal, states and cities could plan, finance, and build better-designed and more affordable projects.  You can leave your feedback on the Transportation Empowerment Act here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=the-transportation-empowerment-act
The wireless market is a success story that illustrates what can happen when government stays its regulatory hand and allows the free market to respond to the needs of consumers.
Master Sgt. Josh Gavulic, a Derby native and Derby High School graduate, was killed Friday while taking part in a parachute training exercise in Arizona. Master Sgt. Gavulic followed his father’s footsteps and joined the Air Force shortly after high school. He was a decorated special tactics airman who survived 10 deployments to Afghanistan and Iraq. I ask all Kansans to join me in paying tribute to his service and sacrifice, as well as keeping his family and friends in our thoughts and prayers during the days ahead. 
As a cosponsor of Putting Veterans Funding First Act, I believe it’s far past time to end the gridlock on Capitol Hill and make certain all VA programs, benefits and services receive timely appropriations of funding each year. By doing so, we can modernize the broken VA system and better keep our promises to America’s heroes. To learn more, please take a moment to read this op-ed by Disabled American Veterans, Veterans of Foreign Wars VFW and American Legion 
I encourage you to tune in to today's Senate Appropriations Subcommittee hearing at 1 p.m. CT on the rising cost of Alzheimer’s in America. Its witnesses include National Institutes of Health Director Dr. Francis Collins, actor Seth Rogen and former Kansas Congressman Dennis Moore.
It was my pleasure to meet Sterry David Mahaffey, Jr today, the new Orthodox Bishop for Sitka and all of Alaska – just a few days after his installation on Sunday.  What a warm, pious and grounded man!  Alaska is lucky to have him.
People outside Alaska sometimes ask me: Why do I continue the fight for a life-saving gravel road for the people of King Cove?  To build awareness and momentum, to bring about a change of mind and policy to get this road built.  A big part of that is through stories like this to tell Alaska's story to the nation.
The U.S. Air Force today named both of Alaska's Air Force bases as candidates for two F-35 squadrons in the future, further confirming the fact that Alaska's tactical location is key for our nation's defense in the 21st century.  It's a first step but a very positive step for the Last Frontier and our military community.
Led a large bipartisan effort calling on the Obama Administration to push for the release of Pastor Saeed from Iranian prison. 
Earlier today, I had the privilege of speaking with the #Kentucky Credit Union League during their annual visit to Washington, D.C.
In case you missed it: Last night I joined Sean Hannity on Fox News to discuss my plans to hold the nomination of Dr. Vivek Murthy to the position of Surgeon General of the United States.   Click HERE to watch the interview: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pyVg09WZt8
I am thrilled that the House has passed legislation to fight back against the IRS' unfair targeting of 501(c)(4) organizations.  I have introduced similar legislation in the Senate which as the support of more that 35 Senators.  We don’t need the IRS regulating constitutionally guaranteed free speech.  http://bigstory.ap.org/article/house-bill-blocks-irs-limits-political-groups
The Senate Finance Committee should hear testimony from CBO. They need to explain how their #ObamaCare numbers were off by a trillion dollars and over a million jobs.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=41b6cf37-3fa2-498e-aa3a-54cbf15dfc02
How about those Jayhawks last night?!  Congrats on winning 10 consecutive Big12 championships.
I was proud to join Senator Roy Blunt in standing up for the Constitution by keeping the FCC out of our newsrooms. 
Senator Rubio Delivers Remarks On U.S. Policy Toward Russia At The Heritage Foundation
Senator Rubio Discusses Crisis In Venezuela, Foreign Policy With CNN’s Wolf Blitzer: http://1.usa.gov/1jyqW2U  ...  Rubio: “Well, first of all, we should be involved and care, right now. You know I heard yesterday the State Department said they are concerned. They shouldn’t be concerned about what is happening in Venezuela, they should be outraged about by it. And it should be getting the same level of attention as what’s happening in Egypt, or what’s happening in Ukraine, or other parts of the world because this is actually closer to us. The second is and I think we now have documented incidents of human rights abuses, we should put together a package of sanctions against these individuals who are committing these atrocities and these crimes, and beyond that, I would say that we should study whether, in fact, we are at a stage where we should explore some specific sanctions against this Venezuelan government. Maybe a moratorium on private investment, or what have you. But there has to be consequences for what’s going on. We need to lead through our example.”  ...
Great turnout for our Palmetto Wednesdays constituent hour this morning!
The American people deserve an explanation of the Federal Communications Commission's outrageous attempt to police the nation's newsrooms. 
Great to have the support of the National Council of Chain Restaurants for efforts to repeal the Renewable Fuel Standard(RFS). Not only does the RFS drive up the price of gasoline, but it also increases food prices.  According to the National Council of Chain Restaurants, the RFS increases food and commodity prices by $3.2 billion each year.
Discussed tax reform on Squawk on the Street this morning. 
Ruinous. Predictable. 
Great to meet with PA members of the Disabled American Veterans yesterday.
Philly's Marian Anderson - the 1st African American to sing at the Metropolitan Opera - sings at the Lincoln Memorial. #blackhistorymonth
NA
NOAA Awards Mississippi $10.9 Million for Commercial Oyster & Blue Crab Fisheries Disasters
