NA
A new Gallup poll shows that individuals “who are familiar with the healthcare law are significantly more likely to oppose it than those who are not familiar with it.” #trainwreck
Had a great visit in Mountain View this morning with the owner and employees at Fiber Energy Products. They manufacture wood pellets used for fuel.
The more the President tries to explain away the problems of his health care law, the worse it gets for Americans. The President took no action to help people who will lose their coverage and their doctor, pay higher premiums and become victims of identify theft because of Obamacare. Americans don’t need another press conference—they need to be able to see their doctor and get affordable care.
NA
The 2013 Capitol Christmas Tree is a glow. The tree came from Washington and made a stop in Idaho on its way to Washington, D.C. - Staff
Tis’ the season—@CapitolTree2013 lighting ceremony. - Staff
The actions taken by the majority party in the U.S. Senate a few weeks ago to change the Senate rules by breaking the Senate rules, there has been a lot of discussion about what the short and long-term implications of these maneuvers will be.  My colleague and friend from Tennessee, Senator Lamar Alexander, wrote an excellent piece that was featured in the Washington Post that analyzes the direction the majority is taking the U.S. Senate.  Ultimately, this vote was not about a change to the filibuster; rather it provides an avenue for the majority party to do whatever it wants from judicial nominees to executive appointments and my fear, in the very-near future, legislation.  The Majority Leader based this rules change on a baseless claim that Republicans in the Senate are unfairly blocking nominations, but according to the Congressional Research Service, Obama’s second-term Cabinet nominees have been confirmed at about the same pace as those of Presidents Clinton and Bush.  As former Senator Arthur Vandenberg once noted, “if a majority of the Senate can change its rules at any time, there are no rules.
Talking to small businesses owners at The Diner in Tyler, TX to hear how Obamacare is impacting their businesses.
Joined members of the Deep East Texas Council of Government in Nacogdoches today to discuss federal issues impacting rural Deep East Texas and our efforts to curb burdensome federal regulations.
On to Tyler to hear more stories from small businesses on Obamcare and its impact
Looking forward to rural issues roundtable in Nacogdoches, Texas this p.m.
Merry Christmas! The Capitol Christmas Tree is lit up!
Tremendously humbled to lay a wreath at the Central Texas State Veterans Cemetery today to pay tribute to the men and women from Fort Hood who gave their lives serving our country in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Enjoyed learning more about the different ways Nebraska’s Lower Loup Natural Resources District is working to serve Nebraskans. These locally elected boards provide important services to support landowners, who work diligently to protect and manage precious natural resources in their districts.  In Nebraska we know one size does not fit all, and I’m grateful for the efforts of Nebraska’s NRDs to help respond to local needs and challenges throughout our state.
Thank you to the staff of Community Memorial Health Center in Burwell for taking the time to show me their facility this morning and update me on their experiences with Obamacare. They shared with me how the law is impacting health care in the area and its effect on long-term care.
Lunch today at Skins' Hot Dogs in Clemson....can't beat it!
It was a great privilege to hang out with some of #Nevada’s finest yesterday. Thanks again for having me! #BattleBorn
“North Dakota’s telecoms have helped to bring our state into the 21st Century. Education, economic development, modern entertainment – all depend on the robust broadband and other service that our telecoms provide. That’s important because the information-based global economy is breaking down barriers of distance, enabling rural states like North Dakota to compete in the global marketplace like never before. That’s why what you do for our state is so vital, and why it’s critical to make sure the rules in Washington work for you and your members.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=896f0882-c78c-4f75-960f-26551c03f182
On this day in 1818, #Illinois became our nation's 21st state. 195 years later, our state's agriculture, energy and transportation industries make it an economic powerhouse at the crossroads of the nation.
Today marks the fourth anniversary of Alan Gross’s arrest in Cuba. For four years, Alan has been unjustly detained and punished for seeking to help a small, peaceful, non-dissident Jewish community access the Internet. I have not yet had the privilege to meet Alan, but I know his wife Judy, and my heart is filled with a great sadness knowing the pain Judy, Alan and their family have endured these past four years.  While their suffering continues, they are not alone in their fight for family and for justice. The United States Senate has made clear its wish that Alan be immediately released and allowed to return home to the United States. This is the sense of both the body and the citizens it represents – the wish of the American people.   Today I reiterate this call to President Obama, asking him to do everything he can to deliver Alan from his state of detention in Cuba. This is about freedom, and family, and an American son. It’s well past time for Alan to return to the United States. I look forward with great anticipation to meeting Alan and welcoming him home. Let us not tire in our efforts until that day when Alan is free and his family is reunited.
My Anchorage office is getting decorated for the holidays!  Stop by and say "hi" to my staff and I during Peterson Tower's Holiday Party and open house this Wednesday from 4:30pm to 6:30pm.
ICYMI - Eureka Ranch has launched #Invention BluePrints, a patent system for innovators in manufacturing. Was proud to work with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to unlock these patents, to create jobs and economic growth.
When we give up our dignity and basic freedoms that we’ve always enjoyed as Americans, we give the terrorists a victory they most certainly don’t deserve. We lose something too important to who we are as a people.  READ: http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2013/12/03/We-re-Not-Burning-Books-Yet
In America today, books are not yet being burned. But your government is interested in what books you read, what you say in your phone calls and what you write in your emails.  Click HERE to hear more: http://www.breitbart.com/Breitbart-TV/2013/12/03/Senator-Rand-Paul-Were-Not-Burning-Books-Yet
This Thursday, Dec. 5, I will be participating in events in the Louisville area and Northern Kentucky. Check the schedule below - I would love to see you at one of the events.  LUNCH MEET AND GREET EVENT IN PROSPECT 11:30 a.m. ET Captain’s Quarters Restaurant, 5700 Captains Quarters Rd., Prospect, KY 40059 ****Please call Captain’s Quarters at 502-228-1651 by 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, Dec. 4 to reserve your seat  COFFEE STOP MEET AND GREET EVENT IN LA GRANGE 1:00 p.m. ET Rails Restaurant, 117 East Main St., La Grange, KY 40031  COFFEE STOP MEET AND GREET EVENT IN ALEXANDRIA 3:00 p.m. ET Miss Shirley’s Bakery and Deli, 7926 Alexandria Pike, Alexandria, KY 41001
I wish this was surprising, but once again, Obamacare is found to be ripe for fraud. http://thehill.com/blogs/on-the-money/domestic-taxes/191887-irs-needs-to-bolster-obamacare-tax-credit-efforts
It was a pleasure to speak with the Wichita Metro Chamber of Commerce today about their legislative agenda and join them in recognizing my dedicated staff member - Karin Wisdom - who has served the community and Kansas for 20 years. Karin is retiring in December, and we all wish her good luck!
Senator Rubio Calls For Alan Gross’ Unconditional Release: http://1.usa.gov/IJLHM8  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding today’s fourth anniversary of the unjust incarceration of Alan Gross, an American being held hostage by the Castro regime in Cuba:   “Alan Gross is a hostage being held captive by a state sponsor of terrorism, and his liberation is long overdue. Instead of considering more unilateral concessions to the Castro regime that  enrich and help fund its repressive machine, the U.S. should pursue meaningful measures to secure Mr. Gross’ immediate, unconditional release.”
Senator Rubio Delivers Major Speech In London On The Transatlantic Alliance: http://1.usa.gov/1auQd6Z   Rubio: "Together, we will be able to respond to the challenges of the twenty-first century, just as our forbears faced those of the last. And when we do, our children will inherit a world better than the one that was left to us."
Our kids are the future of this great nation, and we must ensure they are able to receive a high-quality education and grow up in a country full of economic freedom and opportunity. As I work towards those two goals, I truly believe we can take major steps forward in lifting folks out of poverty.
Great talking to the First Monday Club in Greenville yesterday afternoon.
Great talking with Neil Cavuto just now. The problems with #Obamacare just never seem to end.
Looking forward to discussing #Obamacare on Your World with Neil Cavuto at 4:15. Hope you can tune in!
If you're in Philly on this #GivingTuesday, I hope you'll stop by the Camp Out for Hunger and visit with The Preston & Steve Show on 93.3 WMMR.  I'll be by tomorrow!
Attention Philly: The Philadelphia Veterans Comfort House will host homeless vets & families on #Christmas Day with presents, a tree, and dinner too. Spread the word!
Per Washington Post, #Obamacare enrollment errors could deny coverage for 1/3 of those who have already signed up.
