Heavy snow made for tough shoveling this weekend.  And there's more heading for NH this week: http://www.nashuatelegraph.com/news/994727-469/al-kaprielian-says-another-winter-storm-is.html
NA
As sequestration draws near, Congress is still no closer to a compromise. WFMY News 2 / Digtriad.com aired my thoughts on this issue last week.   Click below to watch.
Vietnam veteran, Larry Holder, was awarded the Silver Star last Wednesday in Charlotte. Holder, a medic, ran through machine gun fire, threw his body on top of an injured soldier and took bullets to keep his fellow soldier alive. 
 
 Read more about about this hero here: http://bit.ly/XBHlXt
 
 Click 'like' to join us in honoring this man for his act of valor, and for selflessly serving our country.
Today the Indiana congressional delegation met with Governor Mike Pence.
NA
Op-Ed: Are you a bookkeeper or small business owner that has to wade through the thousands of pages of complex federal regulations?  These burdensome, complex, puzzling and often changing regulations only hinder job growth in towns across Idaho.  While some regulations are necessary to protect future generations, many are unnecessary and just serve to create more government red tape.  I will continue to work with colleagues to roll back unneeded bureaucracy and create an environment for economic growth.
February 2013
Incredible: 17 inches of snow in Amarillo?
Fear mongering in WH knows no limits: claims sequestration will harm non-existant federal agency
Going on the Laura Ingraham Show at 8:35 AM CT to discuss the sequester, listen in if you can.
If Pres. Obama put as much effort into preparing his overdue budget, and less trying to scare ppl about 2.4% cut in fed spending due to his sequester, it would be a welcome break from one manufactured crisis after another.
Cornyn in USA Today: Obama Needs to Take Charge on Debt Reduction:
In some of my listening sessions I held in Wyoming recently, some people commented that I wasn’t forceful enough in conveying conservative views.  Forcefulness shouldn’t be mistaken for persuasion.
If you’re a college student or graduate, have you considered applying for a summer internship in my Washington, D.C. office? As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. The term will run from May 29 – August 16 and the deadline to apply is March 15. Tomorrow, February 26, my intern coordinator Sarah Meier will be at the University of Wyoming’s job fair in Laramie. She will be there to answer any questions and to provide necessary materials for the internship application process. Click the link below to learn more.
The state-by-state sequester impact reports released by the White House last night don’t actually offer any solutions to rein in federal spending. Instead of finding ways to avoid parts of the sequester, the Administration should be working with Congress finding ways to significantly reduce federal spending across the board.   The White House is busying itself with these political tactics instead of coming to the table and coming up with an actual solution.
Please join me in congratulating Ron Meyer and Phil Petr of Blue Hill, Nebraska, who have been named finalists for the Congressional Medal of Honor Foundation’s Citizen Service Before Self Honors. Last September, they courageously risked their lives to pull five children from a burning school bus. Their selflessness and bravery is a true inspiration to all Americans, and Nebraskans are proud and grateful for these two deserving heroes. And as we honor these heroes, we also remember the victims of the crash that tragically took the lives of four beloved members of the Blue Hill community.  http://citizenservicebeforeselfhonors.org/medal-of-honor/finalists
Congratulations Wayne Willson for being awarded one of the Citizen Service Before Self Honors. Thanks for your unwavering commitment to Nevada veterans. 
 http://bit.ly/Yv79YE
My 2012 Annual Report is now available online.  We are also having an annual report scavenger hunt.  On the linked page there are 7 questions, whose answers can be found in the report.  The first 100 people to enter the correct answers in the form will receive a signed copy of the annual report.
I joined Candy Crowley on CNN yesterday to discuss the dangerous looming cuts to the defense budget, immigration reform, the Hagel nomination and other issues
Sen. McConnell: "Today, I join Kentuckians in congratulating Jennifer Lawrence on winning the Academy Award for Best Actress. Jennifer is a Louisville native, and I’m sure that Kentuckians were rooting for her the most of all last night. At 22 years old, she is only the third Kentuckian to win an Oscar for acting. On behalf of the Commonwealth, I want to wish her all the best, and say we are looking forward to Jennifer Lawrence having a long and successful career."
After 60 years, I am pleased that Father Emil Kapaun will finally receive the Congressional Medal of Honor. Father Kapaun was a Kansan and Korean War hero who distinguished himself by risking his life for the sake of others.
Keeping the F-16s at Eielson isn’t an Interior issue- it’s an Alaskan issue.  I called the Air Force out last week for not allowing Alaskans to comment online about the proposal to move the Eielson F-16s – and created my own online “Eielson Closing Argument” Initiative for Alaskans to weigh in.  Today, the USAF began accepting electric comments.  You can now email comments to: afcec.pa@us.af.mil .  Include "F-16 Relocation EIS Comment" in the subject line. AF says the comments must include a name, address and organizational affiliation, if applicable, to be considered.  Or you can go to the special Closing Argument section on my website and simply fill out the form:
Hearing from Airmen at the Air Force School of Aerospace Medicine at Wright-Patt. Just finished up a great visit.
The deadline for summer internship applications is March 1st!  If you are interested learn more & fill out an app here: http://ht.ly/i2ygP
MEDIA ADVISORY: Rubio to Discuss Mideast Trip at Washington Institute for Near East Policy: http://1.usa.gov/Yv5xhr
We're now on Instagram - www.instagram.com/SenatorTimScott. And don't forget to follow on Twitter as well @SenatorTimScott
Thank you to Miss Savannah Moulton, a Lowcountry 2nd grader, for sharing her Black History Month project with me!
Great to be in Shamokin Dam for a roundtable discussion with the Greater Susquehanna Valley Chamber of Commerce. Here, I met with concerned business leaders like Thom Rippon of Mifflinburg   to discuss the need to get our debt under control.
ICYMI: From the Reading Eagle's Sunday edition:
NA
