Senator Ayotte was in Merrimack at the VFW today announcing good news for New Hampshire veterans. The bipartisan VA bill that passed the Senate yesterday ensures those who have served our nation get access to care they deserve and the respect they have earned.  The bill also takes big step toward reforming our VA and bringing accountability to the VA system.  Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1547
NA
KCTV5 News covered my response to President Obama’s visit to Kansas City this week. We don’t need another campaign speech with an empty ‘pivot’ to the economy, we need presidential leadership.
The passage of the bipartisan #VA bill is an important step forward in beginning to address the problems at the VA and give America’s veterans the healthcare choices and quality they deserve. 
Whenever I visit the WWI Museum in Kansas City, I’m reminded of the tremendous sacrifices that our WWI veterans made to serve our country. I introduced the bipartisan “World War I American Veterans Centennial Commemorative Coin Act” this week to encourage future generations to recognize the unprecedented magnitude of this war and the overall impact it had on our nation.
Today’s Senate passage of the bipartisan, bicameral #VA bill is a big step in the right direction because it gives our veterans more choice and better access to the quality care they deserve.
Last evening the Senate passed legislation that would commemorate U.S. Forest Service Officer Jason Crisp, who lost his life in the line of duty earlier this year.  The legislation, which was introduced by Rep Meadows, would name a facility of the United States Forest Service after Officer Crisp -- the "Jason Crisp Forest Service Building".  Officer Crisp’s service and sacrifice will not be forgotten and will be remembered with deep gratitude.  My thoughts and prayers are with Officer Crisp and his family.
I'm down at the SW border with colleagues for meeting and site visits on the immigration crisis. Here we are Hildago International Bridge.
My statement on the President's request for a blank check to deal with the border crisis. 
This week, John McCain and I introduced a bill to allow Americans to opt out of Obamacare without being penalized. After four years of Obamacare, there’s solid proof that the law is raising costs and putting Washington in control of Americans’ healthcare with their one-size-fits-all mandate. People in Wyoming should be able to make their own decisions about what healthcare is best for them and their families. 
Please join Marsha and me in praying for Andrew Smith
Congratulations to the Indiana Office of Tourism Development for helping the Hoosier state receive more marketing return on investment than any other state.
In a 91 to 3 vote, the Senate just passed bipartisan legislation that will implement key changes to Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) medical facilities. A compromise between bills previously passed by the House and Senate, the legislation will allow veterans to seek private care if VA doctors are unable to treat patients within 30 days or if veterans live more than 40 miles away from a VA facility.  The legislation also includes a number of provisions that will provide needed reforms to the VA health care system. Increasing accountability and providing veterans facing unacceptable waits for VA medical care with the option to receive private-sector treatment are positive steps. I am hopeful that President Obama will swiftly sign it into law.  Earlier this week, I voted to confirm Bob McDonald, a Gary, Indiana native and former Chief Executive Officer of Procter & Gamble, to serve as the next secretary of the VA. Passing this legislation and confirming a new VA secretary marks a turning point and a chance for a fresh start. We need to keep the promises our country has made to its veterans.
Tonight I voted against the Senate majority’s $3.57 billion supplemental appropriations bill to address the crisis on the southern border of the United States.  The wrong solution to our border crisis is to throw money at the problem without addressing the policies that created this situation. This proposal will fail to stem the tide of children making the dangerous trek to the United States. The best way to stop this humanitarian crisis is to reunite children who have come to America with their families in their home countries. Taking this action will send a message and deter children from even starting the difficult journey to the United States.  I support an alternative proposal - the Protecting Children and America’s Homeland Act - that would make several changes to current immigration law to allow quicker repatriation of unaccompanied alien children while ensuring due process for asylum claims. The bill also would prevent the president from any expansion of the deferred action program and provide funding for border security, law enforcement and humanitarian assistance activities. The cost of the legislation would be fully offset.  This proposal is a reasonable approach that will address this problem more effectively than the classic Washington response of spending money in hopes of fixing a problem. I am disappointed that Harry Reid, once again, refused to allow consideration of any Republican ideas.
Senator Corker today announced passage of S. Res. 502, a Senate resolution concerning the suspension of exit permit issuance by the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) for adopted Congolese children seeking to depart the country with their adoptive parents.    “I’ve had the opportunity to hear firsthand the stories of many Tennessee families who are stuck in limbo trying to provide a better home and life for orphaned children living in the DRC, and I remain committed to broader efforts to improve the international adoption process so children can have the opportunity to grow up in permanent and safe families,” said Corker. “I’m pleased this resolution passed, and I hope the administration will use the upcoming U.S.-African Summit to press for a solution.”    In September 2013, the DRC suspended the issuance of exit permits for children adopted by foreign parents. Over 145 children who have been legally adopted by U.S. families and have been given Congolese passports and U.S. visas await exit letters, including several children with urgent, life-threatening medical problems.   Advocacy groups indicate at least 23 families in the Volunteer State are affected by the DRC’s halt on adoptions. Corker has met with several Tennessee families in various stages of the adoption process and continues to work towards a solution that will bring the children home to the United States.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1saNvPy.
Senator Corker on Thursday voted against legislation to temporarily patch the Highway Trust Fund by transferring nearly $10 billion from the general fund. The $10 billion transfer is spent within a few months but paid for over 10 years using budget gimmicks.  “It’s sad that the default mode in Congress is to pass one short-term patch after another, burdening our states, cities and future generations with the consequences of our irresponsibility,” said Corker. “The best thing we can do to promote economic growth and provide the certainty state and local officials are begging for is to stop stealing from future generations and pass a long-term highway program reform bill that is paid for in the same time frame in which the money is spent.”  Since 2008, Congress has transferred more than $50 billion of general fund money into the Highway Trust Fund to maintain funding levels, and most of the spending has not been offset.
Senator Corker released the following statement today on the Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014.   “Our veterans deserve solutions to the deep-rooted problems plaguing the VA, and they also deserve a Congress that has the discipline to pay for legislation it passes,” said Corker. “It’s embarrassing that Congress not only refuses to face today’s decisions with the courage our men and women in uniform have demonstrated for decades, but rushed through a piece of legislation without thoroughly reviewing its full fiscal impact on future generations and without knowing if it will address the systemic problems that exist at the VA. Congress should take time to work with the recently confirmed Secretary of the VA on cost-effective reforms that don’t put in place yet another long-term unfunded liability.”   According to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), the $10 billion funding for a key provision of the bill would last only until the early part of fiscal year 2016 and require billions of dollars in additional funding each year if the program is not canceled.
Read and SHARE the latest in the fights to #StopObamasAmnesty, #StandWithIsrael, protect privacy, keep the internet tax free, and more in our latest newsletter!
Washington Post: "Suddenly, Obamacare is more unpopular than ever."  Repeal. Every. Single. Word. #FullRepeal
Today Harry Reid blocked all consideration of legislation to stop President Obama’s amnesty. By refusing any debate or even a vote on legislation to stop Obama’s amnesty, Senate Democrats are cynically choosing to perpetuate the crisis.  Every Senate Democrat but two voted against taking up legislation to stop President Obama's amnesty.  They now own this crisis; each bears responsibility for enabling the President to march forward with plans to give amnesty to millions more who arrived in our country illegally.  The evidence shows that the crisis at the border is a direct consequence of President Obama’s lawlessness, and the surge of unaccompanied children trafficked to the United States by drug cartels and transnational gangs will not ebb until Congress restrains the President from taking any further executive action.  The House of Representatives is working hard to solve this crisis, but Harry Reid's do-nothing Senate has abdicated all responsibility.   Last week, I introduced the Protect Children and Families Through Rule of Law Act that would stop President Obama’s amnesty. Faced by an extreme president who refuses to follow the law, Republicans should unite to stop the amnesty that is causing tens of thousands of children to be victimized by violent coyotes and drug cartels. The responsibility for the pain and suffering experienced by those children who are exploited by dangerous criminals and the associated burdens imposed on our border towns and cities now lies directly on Senate Democrats who would rather put hundreds of thousands more children and countless Americans at risk than stand up to the out-of-control and lawless president.
Keep the internet tax free.
I picked this bumper sticker up in Buffalo recently. #Wyoming #Lucky
I’m pleased to support the passage of this bipartisan compromise to provide the #VA with additional resources and the flexibility necessary to give veterans the care they deserve.
Pleased to support legislation to begin fixing our badly broken VA system. This agreement allows vets to receive care from private doctors if they don't live near a VA facility or if the wait for care is too long. It also allows the VA Secretary to fire employees who don't do their jobs. While our work resolve the problems at the VA is far from over, this bill is an important step toward keeping our promises to our nation's heroes.
Dem Majority Leader says US Sen will debate the Democrats’ constitutional amendment to LIMIT FREE SPEECH when Senate returns in Sept. SCARY
Just had lunch at Joensys in CenterPoint Had famous tenderloin The Qs fr customers were mostly abt returning young migrants Control border!!
“Israel is once again under attack by Hamas, an extremist Palestinian element that refuses to recognize Israel’s right to exist. Hamas is deliberately firing thousands of missiles into populated areas of Israel, seeking to do maximum injury to civilians and property. Thankfully, however, the Iron Dome system developed jointly by the United States and Israel is saving lives and strengthening Israel's strategic position in the region..  “Today, Congress passed a measure enabling the U.S. Department of Defense to replenish Israel’s Iron Dome missile defense system. As America’s closest ally in the Middle East and the region’s only stable democracy, the United States must make sure we help Israel defend itself from hostile efforts to destroy its nation.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=6b03a62e-163e-42d1-8b65-f38700f144d4
“The Minot region is growing at a tremendous rate, with more people traveling into and out of the city every year. This project, along with the new terminal we worked to fund, will provide the resources necessary for people to travel safely and efficiently, I’m looking forward to visiting Minot on Tuesday to see the progress on the new terminal building and other projects currently underway.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=e3733cc0-eaad-42c5-9dd3-6a6ad20baf0f
“Ensuring our veterans have access to health care services that meet their needs is a top priority. The compromise legislation that has now passed the Senate and House addresses many of the problems we’re seeing at the VA. It provides more access to servicers through the VA, but also access to local health care providers for our veterans and requires accountability for the VA. It’s an important step forward, but there’s more to do.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=f1e26211-1a44-4e24-b78a-1eac4f81e010
“It’s critical that the DEA dedicate sufficient staff, both fulltime and on an as-needed basis, to help fight drug crimes. This includes assigning DEA agents to local narcotic taskforces in western North Dakota and providing more agency support. I urged Administrator Leonhart to work with local and state officials to get DEA agents into the field as soon as possible.”
Today both chambers of Congress passed a bill to reform the Department of Veterans Affairs; the House passing it 420 to 5, and the Senate passed it moments ago 91 to 3. When our sons and daughters enlisted into our all-volunteer force, they answered an unwavering ‘yes’ to every request asked of them by their country. The United States promised to care for them in return.  Congress took an important step towards reforming an overburdened and unnecessarily bureaucratic agency today while also improving the quality of health care our veterans have rightfully earned and deserve.  I hope you will take a moment to read more here about what this bill will do: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-passage-of-va-reform-bill-
Senate Democrats attempted to push through a so-called last minute $2.7 billion emergency spending bill tonight to aid the immigration crisis at the border, but the bill did absolutely nothing to change the President's policies that have led to the crisis. The President's amnesty promises, coupled with the many loop holes in our welfare system, will only encourage more immigrants to come to the U.S. Illegally. I cannot support any funding measure that provides no additional support for border security, no expedited deportation, or no end to failed immigration policies. #StopObamasAmnesty
Beach closures cost taxpayers $2.4+ million yearly. As the crown jewel of the Midwest, the lakes have to be clean & beaches open to unlock economic potential. I visited the Shedd Aquarium today to discuss my bill, S. 571, to STOP the Dirty Dozen polluters and end sewage dumping in the Great Lakes.  Read more on my blog: http://1.usa.gov/1qyN8fw
With new evidence of retaliation at Hines #VA, I call on U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Sec. McDonald to stand up for whistleblowers. 
POTUS should designate pro-Russian rebel groups as terrorist organizations to make #Putin pay a heavy price for violence.
Congressman Ron DeSantis and I wrote this op-ed to share the benefits of the HERO Act, which I have introduced in the Senate.  Rep. DeSantis has introduced this proposal in the house.    Instead of asking how Congress can help students pay off exorbitant loans, we should ask how Congress can reduce the cost of higher education so students won’t have to go so far in debt. 
NA
The Kentuckians for Better Transportation thanked Senator McConnell in their newsletter today, “KBT thanks Senator McConnell for his leadership in passage of this much needed extension and for his support of Kentucky's transportation infrastructure.”  
Kentucky is among the states with the highest number of families whose adopted children are unable to leave the DRC – more than 20 families across the Commonwealth are affected.    “I am pleased the resolution I helped introduce to assist Kentucky families adopting from the DRC has passed the U.S. Senate with broad support.  This resolution sends a strong message to the DRC about the need for an immediate solution. However, much work remains, and I will continue to advocate on behalf of the families trying to bring their children home.” 
Carl Kaelin, Vice Chairman of the Veterans of Foreign Wars National Legislative Committee, said “Kentucky’s veterans have no better friend than Senator McConnell.  We are very appreciative of his dedicated leadership on behalf of America’s veterans and of his commitment to ensuring passage of this vital legislation.”
Sen. McConnell: ‘By passing this bipartisan measure, we send a message to Hamas that its terrorist tactics and its attempts to terrorize Israel’s populace will not succeed.’ http://1.usa.gov/1nbdMrP
Last night, Senator McConnell helped secure Senate passage of Autism CARES Act; now goes to Pres for signature #autismspeaks #Kentucky
Tonight, the Senate overwhelmingly (91 to 3) passed the compromise struck between the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives on legislation to overhaul access to veterans’ health care – the Veterans Access to Care Act. This legislation is another important step toward ensuring veterans no longer struggle with unacceptable wait times at VA facilities by giving certain veterans the option of seeing their local physician. Our nation’s veterans should be treated like patriots, deserving of care from a grateful nation – not made to feel like a burden. I will not rest until Kansas veterans have a Department of Veterans Affairs worthy of their service and sacrifice. The legislation will now head to the President’s desk for his signature.  
Alaskans lost a great man and a friend yesterday: Jim Kallander, longtime fisherman and former mayor of Cordova passed away after a lengthy and brave fight against cancer. While not an Alaskan by birth, Jim lived a life that defines our state. He worked hard to provide for his family as a fisherman, he taught his daughters to fish and hunt and work hard, he flew his own plane and knew the coastline, the rivers and the land. He cared for Cordova and it's people. Jim was a reluctant politician - he didn't like public speaking and he worried that his words were too direct but his heart carried him to serve the community that he loved. Jim loved his wife Patti and was immensely proud of the daughters they raised. Verne and I are better people because of the beautiful example set by our friend Jim. Our prayers are with Patti, Rachel, Emily and all Jim's family.
I just voted in favor of the Veterans Access to Care Act---a bill that would break through the red tape and allow vets to receive healthcare from non-VA facilities and improves accountability within the VA system. I voted for this bill because it represents a critical beginning to reforming the VA, but it’s only a first step.
I just voted against advancing the supplemental bill to send $2.7 billion down to address the situation on the border.  As many of you know, I went to the border to see firsthand what was happening there, so I wanted to explain my vote to Alaskans:  This emergency supplemental bill to address the border crisis had no opportunity for amendments.  While not quite a blank check, it mostly throws money at a problem without addressing the root causes or dealing with any real reforms when thoughtful proposals from Senators Cornyn, Flake and McCain deserved debate and an opportunity for a vote.  These are children whose families and lives are being impacted by the decisions we’re making.  As Americans and as leaders, we are obligated to responsibly consider all options to rein in a situation that the administration has allowed to get out of control.  But again, the Majority Leader allowed no amendments or improvements to a $3.6 billion bill.  It’s a shame that once again, a failure of process has led to an impasse on an issue that clearly demands Congressional action. 
Dropped by the historic Weldon's Ice Cream Factory with Jane after a great visit to Millersport today.
Held a roundtable at Buckeye Lake Marina in Millersport to discuss my bill that was just signed into law to combat harmful algal blooms.
There is a skills gap that separates people from open jobs and holds back growth. I spoke to the Ohio Association for Career and Technical Education Annual Conference in Columbus today on a better way.
Great time this morning at the Ohio State Fair.  Big thanks to our state’s tens of thousands of farmers. Agriculture is Ohio’s number one business, contributing $107 billion to Ohio’s economy.
Read my latest op-ed for National Review Online: The Unintended Consequences of Interventionism http://www.nationalreview.com/article/384222/unintended-consequences-interventionism-rand-paul
Senator Shelby and Senator Sessions joint statement:   “Today’s news that unilateral federal regulations from the Obama Administration’s EPA will lead to closures of coal units at three power plants and higher electricity rates across Alabama is deeply troubling.  No worker should lose his or her job because of intrusive and unnecessary regulations from Washington.  These regulations are the face of executive overreach, and we pledge to continue to fight against them.  It is absolutely unacceptable that families and communities will suffer as a result of the EPA’s actions.”
Today, Senator Shelby and Senator Sessions sent a letter to President Obama and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy on the negative impact of new EPA regulations on Alabamians.  Read the letter here: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsreleases?ID=71a87262-96ee-4ec2-a746-40fdd5af3d20
I'm pleased that the Senate Democrats' $2.7 billion border supplemental bill, which I strongly oppose, was blocked last night.    Learn more about my thoughts on the border crisis:  http://yellowhammernews.com/nationalpolitics/shelby-tees-obama-administration-time-say-illegals-enforce-law/
NA
NA
NA
Great visiting Trident Tech in North Charleston to learn about their avionics training programs!
Looking forward to honoring Vietnam War era veterans tomorrow at 10 am at the First Baptist Church of Columbia!   All who served and who wish to honor them are invited, and we'll have onsite registration if you haven't been able to register yet! Learn more at www.scott.senate.gov/veterans  
Mr. Sammy Lewis, an Anderson Vietnam War veteran, shares a story of the outpouring of support he received from the Anderson and Abbeville communities as he recovered from the wounds he sustained while serving his country.   Come join me this Saturday at 10 am at the First Baptist Church of Columbia, South Carolina, for a special ceremony to honor our Vietnam War Era Veterans!  All who served and who wish to honor them are cordially invited. Vietnam War Era veterans will receive a pin and a certificate commemorating their service. RSVP or learn more at 844-820-0146 (toll free) or www.scott.senate.gov/veterans.
Wonderful to visit #SarahMurnaghan this afternoon. She's made incredible progress this year! http://1.usa.gov/1nbV8jk
Happy Friday #PA! Here's your weekly update: http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=newsletters&id=1407. To sign up, see http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=newsletter. Thanks for reading!
Had an important and informative visit to the Philadelphia Children's Alliance today.    Met with child protection advocates from around the area and discussed necessary policy changes we need to make in order to best protect our children, including my bill to make our classrooms safer.   Thanks to Chris Kirchner and her entire team for hosting me.
Yesterday, the Senate passed a bill, which I cosponsored, that will re-name 30th Street Station in Philadelphia after Congressman Gray. This is good news and the strong bipartisan support the bill received shows that when the leaders in the House and the Senate work together, things can get done in Washington rapidly.  I hope that Congress can now channel this bipartisan spirit and pass a very important re-naming bill that I have offered.    Corporal Michael Crescenz, of Philadelphia, valiantly fought for his country in Vietnam, and died protecting his fellow brothers in arms.  As a result of his extraordinary heroism, Corporal Crescenz was the only Philadelphia resident to earn the Medal of Honor in the Vietnam era.  Re-naming Philadelphia’s Woodland Avenue Veterans Affairs medical center after Corporal Crescenz is a small gesture on our part, given the nature of his heroism.   I am disappointed that the Senate has not passed this measure.  I will continue working with my colleagues in the House and Senate to advance the Crescenz bill soon.
The men and women who served in uniform should be first in line for the best quality medical care in the world.  Many today are not, and this bipartisan compromise is a good step towards tackling this serious problem and restoring accountability at the VA. Our veterans deserve solutions, not more partisanship in Washington.  I have long advocated for vets to be able to obtain care from a private-sector health care provider. I have said repeatedly that the VA secretary should be able to fire employees whose job performance is unsatisfactory.   While this bill is not perfect and should have sought more spending cuts elsewhere in the government to help pay for it, I appreciate that these two reforms have been included.
This burdensome regulation would have significantly jeopardized the livelihoods of many hard-working farm families in Mississippi. Although I am pleased that the Labor Department will not force small farm operations to go along with these severe rules, our fight against Washington’s regulatory assault continues. To protect Mississippi’s vibrant agricultural tradition, we must continue to stand up to such government overreach.
I just voted in favor of a bill that puts veterans first. Although it will not change the culture of the VA overnight, Congress has provided a wide array of new tools to give Secretary McDonald what he needs to help restore faith in the system. For example, many Mississippi veterans will benefit from the provision that allows them to bypass long wait times and a broken claims process to receive care from non-VA facilities without needless delays. The bill now heads to the President for his signature.
