Check out Jennifer Rubin’s column in today’s Washington Post, “School reform can move beyond Common Core,” outlining Sen. Alexander’s plans to fix No Child Left Behind. Alexander’s legislation, the Every Child Ready for College or Career Act, would end the administration’s National School Board and return all decisions about academic standards, curriculum, and evaluation of teachers to state and local school boards. Rubin says Alexander’s approach to fixing NCLB “would clarify once and for all that states have the responsibility for developing and implementing their own standards and developing appropriate testing to measure their students’ proficiency.”  Read the full article HERE: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsarticles?ID=e5ef2f5e-2f2a-4103-9088-2990025bef8c
Senator Ayotte joined Senator Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI), Senator Rob Portman (R-OH), and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) in hosting a bipartisan forum on Capitol Hill today to discuss ways to help communities in New Hampshire and across the country fight drug addiction and support individuals in recovery. Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1664
NA
The Obama Administration’s costly regulations would disproportionately hurt the most vulnerable in Missouri, including our poorest families and young people who can’t afford higher energy bills. I’m calling for a full, public analysis of the economic impact of the Obama Administration’s proposed regulations. Watch my remarks and share your thoughts with me below.
Missouri electric service providers have warned that the EPA’s proposed Clean Power Plan would increase energy costs for Missourians and reduce our state’s economic competitiveness. The most vulnerable families and individuals are the ones hit the hardest by bad energy policies resulting in high utility bills, because these are the consumers who already spend a significant amount of their disposable income on energy. I’m asking for the withdrawal of the Clean Power Plan and for a full analysis of the effects of new power plant regulations on all ratepayers, especially lower-income communities, before moving forward.
Newt Gingrich wrote a piece on the ABLE Act yesterday -- a good read before tomorrow’s vote on ABLE in the House. #passtheABLEact
Yesterday I joined Senator Casey at a Politico event on public health emergency preparedness. We discussed how we have handled Ebola, the importance of funding innovation, and what we can do to better address future public health crises.
Come January, Republicans will control both chambers of Congress, allowing us to put our commitment to cut Washington’s wasteful spending into action. I believe we can find a mechanism, like a Balanced Budget Amendment, that will stop the government from spending beyond its means. If Arkansas can be required to balance our state’s budget, there is no reason that we shouldn't be able to require Washington to do the same.  The national debt is a threat to our sovereignty. Foreign holdings account for almost half of these obligations, and much of that is owed to countries that do not always share our values—such as China and Saudi Arabia. We must end the excessive spending and put our nation back on a fiscally responsible path. The road we are on right now certainly isn’t fair to future generations. We can’t keep kicking the can down the road. In fact, it has been kicked so far down the road it is out of view.
NA
The New York Times recently profiled an innovative Indiana farm family.
ICYMI:  I spoke with Mark Richardson on Idaho’s Afternoon News about the large, bipartisan legislative effort that I have co-sponsored with Senator Udall.  Our effort seeks to fully fund ongoing PILT/SRS payments to counties in Idaho.  To listen, click here. #idpol
NA
Ms. Saldana has made it clear in a written statement that as Assistant Secretary for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement she would enable President Obama’s unconstitutional amnesty. I do not support the President’s unconstitutional amnesty, and therefore, cannot vote for a nominee who will be another rubber stamp for illegal amnesty. I encourage my colleagues, especially those who oppose Obama’s amnesty, to oppose this nomination.
Since DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson is on Capitol Hill, he should also visit the Senate to explain why he and the President defied Congress and the American people with their illegal amnesty.
One of my biggest concerns for the future of our country is our national debt. It topped $18 trillion last week. Before he became our president, President Obama said it was irresponsible to add $4 trillion to the debt. Since he took over, about $7.4 trillion has been added. We still will have an executive in the White House next year who promotes unsustainable spending, but I am hopeful we can make progress on the deficit with new leadership in the Senate.
From legislation to letters, the Enzi Insider is a great way to stay informed on what I am working on weekly.
I grew up during our space race with the Soviet Union and have been very interested in space technology ever since. NASA is building a human space exploration system that will provide an entirely new capability to enable new missions of exploration throughout the solar system. Orion Exploration Flight Test-One (EFT-1) is scheduled for liftoff from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on Dec. 4, 2014 at 5:05 am Wyoming time.
What do you see when you put U.S. Environmental Protection Agency spending under the microscope? Check out the #ScienceOfSplurging now at flake.senate.gov
For an agency keen to regulate every puddle from a rainstorm, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has proven itself remarkably inept when it comes to managing its own affairs. After years of handing out blank checks in the form of omnibus appropriations bills and continuing resolutions, it’s time for Congress to return to regular order and restore accountability at the EPA. #ScienceOfSplurging
Senator Grassley joined a bipartisan group of colleagues at a press conference today to renew the push for passage of the Military Justice Improvement Act.  The legislation would remove the decision of whether to prosecute serious crimes such as sexual assault from military commanders, who have a lack of independence from both perpetrators and victims. Read more here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-pushes-independent-military-justice-system
Senator Grassley is pressing for answers on why the federal government gave Social Security benefits to suspected Nazi war criminals.  The Associated Press broke the story.  Read more here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-hatch-press-social-security-administration-justice-department-benefits
Today, I addressed the need to safeguard sexual assault survivors in the military with real reforms that will give survivors a fair prosecution and eliminate loopholes that allow assailants to avoid justice.
Tune in to the SASC Nominations hearing at 9:30am (EST). Watch it here: http://www.armed-services.senate.gov/hearings/14-12-02-nominations
Today the national debt rose above $18 trillion dollars.  In the op-ed I wrote a few weeks ago, I shared what I think Republicans need to do to restore a budgeting process that will draw on our consensus principles to avoid the fiscal avalanche that is coming if we don't change course.
I would like to thank everyone who submitted photos to my #honorutahveterans photo gallery.  This is now the first thing I see when I step out of my office in DC.  I am grateful for the service and sacrifice of our veterans and their families, and I look forward to sharing this display with those who visit my office.
Enjoyed visiting The Colbert Report last night to talk about my new book Thirteen Soldiers, deep frying turkeys and more - watch:
Tonight, I was proud to honor outgoing Kansas Farm Bureau President Steve Baccus. I met Steve many years ago when he was on his local farm bureau board, and over the years we grew to be friends. As agricultural issues repeatedly came to the forefront of debate in Washington, Steve has always been someone who I could count on to give me trustworthy advice and counsel.   As I said on the Senate floor last week, Steve embodies many traits we can all admire, including a deep love for the great state of Kansas, and gratitude for the many hard working families who provide the food, fuel and fiber Americans rely on. These traits have earned Steve the respect of his peers across the country. Steve has been a true public servant to agriculture and he did it all for the right reasons. I wish him and his wife Patricia well as they enter into the next chapter of their lives.
This afternoon I held a Coffey County town hall meeting in Burlington at the Lyon-Coffey Electric Cooperative, where 20 Kansas came out to share their thoughts. Topics ranged from veterans issues and the EPA's proposed navigable waters rule, to tax reform and concerns with Obamacare. In attendance were Coffey County Commissioner Kimberly Skillman, Burlington Mayor Gene Merry, and Coffey Health Systems CEO Randy Lindauer. It was also good to see Craig Meader, chairman and president of First National Bank of Kansas. Thanks again to Scott Whittington and Lyon-Coffey Electric Cooperative for hosting.
Good news for Alaska’s schools! The US Department of Agriculture just announced more than $50,000 in existing funds will be directed to Alaska’s Farm-to-School programs. These programs help schools purchase more food locally, expand access to healthy local food for school children, and support local economies. It’s even been “Alaskanized” in Western Alaska, where they’ve created a Fish-to-School program!
In the fight against youth smoking, experts say that stories make a bigger impact than stats.  It’s good to see the New York Times pay attention to Alaska’s fight, highlighting the courage of Michael George Patterson in sharing his story to make a difference in the health of young Alaskans.
I am proud that my legislation to honor Jack Nicklaus, a son of Ohio,  with a Congressional Gold Medal for his extraordinary life and achievements has passed the Senate. Jack Nicklaus is a legend, and without a doubt the greatest golfer of all time. Yet in addition to the Golden Bear’s career in golf, he is a dedicated philanthropist who has made a difference in communities across America. Together with his wife Barbara, Jack has positively impacted the lives of thousands of children and their families through the Nicklaus Children’s Health Care Foundation, and other initiatives.
Proud to join Kirsten Gillibrand & this bipartisan group to renew the push for passage of the Military Justice Improvement Act to create an independent, objective and unbiased military justice system. http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=news&id=1028
I have promised to do whatever I can to stop President Obama from bringing Guantanamo Bay terrorists to our shores, especially to Fort Leavenworth. This week we won a major victory in this battle, but the fight continues.  No Gitmo terrorists to Kansas - Not on my watch.   http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_CONGRESS_GUANTANAMO?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT
I was honored to be on hand last night, in front of a huge crowd gathered to congratulate Steve Baccus for his service to the Kansas Farm Bureau. It has been a privilege to work with Steve and the Farm Bureau. Thanks for all you have done for the Kansas farmer, and for your guidance over the years.
NA
Sen. Sessions issued the following statement today urging the House not to advance a spending bill unless it blocks executive amnesty:  “The Chairman of the Republican Party made a promise to America on executive amnesty: ‘We can’t allow it to happen and we won’t let it happen… everything we can do to stop it we will.’  Unfortunately, the plan now being circulated in the House fails to meet that test. The executive amnesty language is substantially weaker than the language the House adopted this summer, and does not reject the central tenets of the President’s plan: work permits, Social Security, and Medicare to 5 million illegal immigrants—reducing wages, jobs, and benefits for Americans.  Congress considered and rejected these changes to immigration law in 2006, 2007, 2010, 2013, and 2014. The President’s action erases the laws Congress has passed in order to implement laws Congress has refused to pass.  Now the President demands Congress fund his imperial decree and declare its own irrelevance.  That is why Congress must respond to the President’s unlawful action by funding the government but not funding illegal amnesty. This is a perfectly sound and routine application of congressional authority. In fact, the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service reports that last year’s omnibus spending bill included 16 such funding restrictions on fee-based programs.  Such a plan would put the focus where it belongs: on Senate Democrats. They are the ones who should be made to choose sides—save Obama’s amnesty or save Americans’ jobs and borders.  Polling shows voters believe that Americans should get preference for available jobs by almost a 10-1 margin. Republicans should not be timid or apologetic, but mount a bold defense of struggling Americans.  Billions of dollars and countless hours have been spent advocating immigration policies that help everyone but the actual citizens of this country. Who will be their voice, if not us?”
I joined Neil Cavuto this afternoon to discuss the importance of mentoring and education, my Opportunity Agenda, and Ferguson.
It it truly a privilege to represent the people of South Carolina, and I was honored to be sworn into the United States Senate this morning.
Great to have my mom here for this morning's swearing in ceremony. Thank you South Carolina for the opportunity to serve.
Looking forward to being sworn in for the remainder of this term in the U.S. Senate this morning! Televised on CSPAN2, online at cspan.org at 10AM!
The first law in the United States requiring traffic to stay on the right side of the road was passed in 1792 as a result of intensified Conestoga wagon congestion on the Philadelphia-Lancaster Turnpike. #PatsFacts
Proud to accept this honor from MONTGOMERY CHILD ADVOCACY PROJECT MCAP. I will continue working to protect our children.
