This morning, Sen. Alexander voted against moving to the Senate Democrats’ “political stunt” on student loans, saying the Senate shouldn’t “waste time on it when veterans are standing in line waiting for us to take up a bipartisan proposal.”  “This ‘no’ vote means ‘no’ to a week-long political stunt, ‘no’ to debt and taxes, ‘yes’ to moving today to a bipartisan solution to the problem of veterans standing in line at clinics. ‘Yes’ to appropriation bills after that that deal with cancer research and national defense and the other urgent needs of our country, also in a bipartisan way. ‘Yes’ to the way the Senate ought to run,” Alexander said. “And ‘no’ to the practice of pulling a bill out of your pocket, putting it on the floor and wasting a week with a political stunt while veterans are standing in line at a clinic waiting for us to act.”  Watch Alexander’s floor speech HERE: http://youtu.be/u2SYi6iZhH0
Yesterday, the Water Resources Reform and Development Act became law. This law extends Sen. Alexander’s Freedom to Fish provision passed last year, allowing fishermen to fish below the dams on the Cumberland River, stopping what Sen. Alexander calls “unreasonable restrictions” by the Army Corps of Engineers.
I believe that the Department of Justice should join in the investigation into misconduct at the VA. We must hold responsible parties accountable for any criminal wrongdoings and provide our veterans with the quality care they earned.
NA
This afternoon I supported bipartisan legislation that would implement key changes to VA medical facilities. During debate on the bill, I spoke about how the VA needs a change of culture. Our veterans still face waits that are far too long, both for medical visits and to receive disability benefits. My staff in Indianapolis has over 550 active cases that we are working on for Hoosier veterans who are seeking help in getting results from the VA. Too many bureaucrats view our veterans as a list of numbers, rather than heroes worthy of our best care. 
I enjoyed visiting with the Everts family from Indianapolis yesterday
VIDEO: Cornyn Details Dangerous Journey Of Unaccompanied Minors Bound For Texas
Senator Corker released the following statement on the Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014 (S. 2450). A preliminary analysis by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) found that Title III of the bill, which would authorize and fund enhancements to several programs of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), alone would increase direct spending by more than $35 billion in the next three years.    “I value too much the sacrifice and service our veterans have given to our country to vote for a bill that was thrown together without any discussion by this body and increases the deficit by at least $35 billion,” said Corker. “This bill is moving back to the House where I hope they will more thoughtfully address the serious issues that have been uncovered in the VA and ensure the bill is paid for in a way that does not burden future generations with crushing debt so I can support it when it comes back to the Senate.”
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 30 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Spoke with Megyn Kelly about getting answers on the release of the Taliban 5. Catch it on the Kelly File tonight!
An honor to address the Triumph of Liberty luncheon sponsored by the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation.
The crisis of unaccompanied minors on the border is a direct consequence of policies of the Obama Administration.
There is no ambiguity regarding the danger posed by the Taliban 5. Each one of the former prisoners was designated “high risk” by the Guantanamo Review Task Force convened on the orders of President Obama. Two of the five are wanted by the United Nations for war crimes against Afghan civilians.  President Obama must explain how releasing them makes us safer.
Wyoming’s Abandoned Mine Land (AML) money belongs to the state, not to the federal government. During the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing today to consider the nomination of Shaun Donovan to be the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, I emphasized the importance of getting Wyoming every dollar of AML money that it is owed. I also stated that if the federal government wants to get serious about cutting spending, it can look to Wyoming for examples on how to prioritize what it spends.
This administration doesn't seem to understand that its newest proposed climate change rules could cost billions of dollars and cause hundreds of thousands of people to lose their jobs at a time when job creation should be our focus. The political gain may be good for the president, but the environmental and health gains will be nil according to EPA’s own estimates. We all can help keep them accountable. Click the link below and let the administration know your view of these new regulations. Your comments can make a difference.
NA
NA
To restore veterans’ trust and confidence in the VA, individual employees must be held accountable. The FBI’s investigation is a positive signal; but, wherever the evidence shows that crimes have been committed, they must follow through and prosecute those responsible to the fullest extent of the law.
Our veterans have not been getting the care they were promised and that they deserve. This bill holds the VA accountable, helps solve the problems that have plagued the VA health system, and gives vets a choice in where they get their healthcare.
President Obama must make clear that there are consequences for illegal immigration. The president’s lax enforcement of U.S. immigration law is a contributing factor to the increase in the number of unaccompanied children crossing the U.S. border and the resulting humanitarian situation.
Today I voted to support the bipartisan veterans bill so tens of thousands of veterans can receive the care they were promised. The agreement expands care options for veterans awaiting treatment, makes it easier to fire VA employees who fail to perform their duties, and addresses long-term scheduling failures. There’s still a long road ahead to fix the VA, and I will continue to work to repair this broken system so that our nation’s heroes receive the medical treatment they have so dutifully earned. 
It was great to meet with Custer County 4-H after this morning’s Nebraska Breakfast. They asked me some great policy questions and I shared some of my own experiences in 4-H. Hope you enjoy the rest of your time in Washington!
Senator Grassley met this morning with civic leaders from Council Bluffs during their visit to Washington, D.C. They spoke with Grassley about a variety of topics affecting their community including: levee accreditation and certification, the National Flood Insurance Program, wastewater processing, and the highway bill.
“We need to do all we can to ensure our veterans have access to health care services that meet their needs. This legislation will help to address problems at the VA that were recently brought to light and ensure that we’re providing our veterans with quality care in a timely manner. We still have to work with the House in conference to pass final legislation. That means there is still additional work to do to help ensure that veterans have access to care closer to home and on the underlying funding for the bill.”
Read more about North Dakota doubling its economic output in 11 years.
Enjoyed visiting today with high school students from Lisbon, Sawyer, and Enderlin.
North Dakota’s history is closely associated with the bison, largely because of the influence of President Teddy Roosevelt’s early visits to our state. His efforts to protect these majestic animals helped to retrieve them from the brink of extinction and established them as one of the most powerful and inspiring symbols of the American spirit, for Native Americans and settlers alike. I can think of no more noble an animal to name as the official mammal of the United States.
Had nice visit today with the Hopkins family following their tour of the U.s. Capitol.
The DOT grant to improve the runway at Bismarck Municipal Airport is another positive development in our ongoing work to address North Dakota’s infrastructure needs, especially our airports which have been growing at a rate that reflects our burgeoning economy and population.
Today the Senate took an important step towards holding the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) accountable to the quality and accessibility of health care services our nation’s veterans deserve and have earned. The legislation will enforce accountability and transparency by requiring the VA to publish online wait-time goals as well as quality of care and outcome measures for all facilities. It will also authorize the VA Secretary to remove any employee that falsifies wait times or quality of care data. Most importantly, thanks to Sen. Tom Coburn, the bill will give veterans the much-needed opportunity to seek care from non-VA providers for the next two years if the veteran is unable to be seen within wait-time goals or resides more than 40 miles from a VA facility. This bill also expands job opportunities for veterans and expands access to affordable, higher education by allowing GI Bill recipients to receive instate tuition rates within three years of discharge. I am overall pleased with this legislation other than the fact it was quickly brought to the Senate floor without the opportunity to file amendments. The work is not yet done, and as this bill goes to conference, I will be working to ensure our Oklahoma veterans are given all possible options to access quality health care in the state. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-passage-of-senate-veterans-bill 
America's Newsroom invited me to appear on their show at 10:00AM  to discuss yesterday’s classified Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on the release of 5 top Taliban commanders. Tune in and watch live!
Our veterans deserve better than throwing money to expand a broken system. http://t.co/crE8SD8DNq
How do law schools respond when taxpayers foot the bill for high debts?  http://t.co/Lq1U9Wjhee
Senator Johnson at the Senate Budget Committee earlier today.
Senator Johnson met this morning with Wisconsin students who participated in the Kennedy-Lugar Youth Exchange and Study program.
This afternoon Senator Johnson’s new class of interns and a staff member had their swearing-in ceremony. Congratulations to this great group of students!
Can government stop doing things that drive the soaring costs of college? http://t.co/1KPQhX5FxM
Making law school essentially free has consequences, it turns out. http://t.co/95V8zIfHUk
Senator Johnson spoke this morning to the National Association of Security Companies Summit.
The driver of student debt is the cost of college rising far faster than inflation. And the cause of that? http://t.co/sVLFRuJXlf
Unfair for Washington to burden Americans with the consequences of the student debt mess that it caused. http://t.co/sw4EYdlkqi
Retweeted Boyko Blagoev (@boykoblagoev):  US senators @SenJohnMcCain, @ChrisMurphyCT, @SenRonJohnson on a Sofia guided tour by 365 Association @FreeSofiaTour http://t.co/o4SGEumYoa
Today, Rep. Rob Bishop cosponsored the House version of the HERO Act that was introduced in the House by Congressman Ron DeSantis.  I have sponsored this higher education reform legislation in the Senate, and I am encouraged to see momentum building behind the idea that we need to make higher education more affordable and accessible.  We can do this by shrinking the federal government's footprint in higher education and expanding the role of the states. #BankOnStudents #CollegeOpportunity
The toughest vote I'll cast today.  These are some of the pictures that my staff and I are voting on for the #roadlesstraveledutah photo contest.  We are narrowing over 850 entries down to 28 to be displayed on the wall you see behind me.
I am looking forward to answering your questions in my next tele-townhall.  It will be on Wednesday, June 11, at 7:00 p.m. MT.  You can sign up here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
As a sponsor of the Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Accountability and Transparency Act of 2014, I am pleased the Senate has risen to the occasion and come together on this critical legislation. I am still in Kansas attending to my family, but there should be no question of my support for this bill. Had I been in Washington, I would have joined my colleagues in voting in favor of this bipartisan plan to help make certain veterans receive the access to quality, timely care they deserve. I will continue to work to address the challenges and problems at the Department of Veterans Affairs so our nation’s heroes have a VA worthy of their service.
Today the Senate held a vote about student loan refinancing - an enormous concern to me as a mother and the former Commissioner of the Alaska Commission on Post-secondary Education. I want to talk to you directly about student loans and the Alaskan issues with the bill considered by the Senate today.
Here’s my latest column in USA Today on how the disastrous implementation of Obamacare and VA scandal have undermined the Administration’s credibility and ability to lead.   http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2014/06/10/obama-irs-obamacare-hhs-health-care-column/10247575/
Congrats to Mary Grace V., Noah B. & Lillian B. of Kentucky for winning the Library of Congress Letters About Literature contest! We are proud to have you representing our state in this national reading and writing program.
This week is Victory Week at Fort Riley and this month marks the 97th birthday of the 1st Infantry Division. I want to offer my special best wishes to the Big Red One and my thanks to those that have served and sacrificed for our freedom.
I was pleased to welcome the Wichita Metro Chamber of Commerce. We went around the room and addressed the concerns of each person. This advice and counsel is so important especially on taxes, trade and regulatory issues facing their businesses. These hard working Kansans are making a difference in their community and the Wichita economy. Thank you for your continued partnership in government.
I was honored to be named a Taxpayer Hero by the Citizens Against Government Waste for cutting wasteful spending, reducing taxes, and making government more accountable to taxpayers.
After Rubio's Push For Greater Accountability, Senate Passes VA Reform Bill  Rubio: “The one I am proudest of, the whole bill is important, but the one I’ve been working on personally, the one that we’ve been engaged in making this happen, is accountability. Giving the Secretary the power to hire and to fire those mid-level bureaucrats that are not doing their job. That’s an important measure, I’m glad it’s included in this.”
Just voted to reform the VA and improve access to care for our veterans. Read more: http://www.usnews.com/news/politics/articles/2014/06/11/house-senate-move-to-improve-health-care-for-vets
I've introduced 4 bills as part of my Opportunity Agenda--read more about them here! http://www.scott.senate.gov/opportunityagenda
NA
The Borinqueneers were a valiant force in three major wars and I am pleased Congress and the President have acknowledged and honored their contributions by awarding them the Congressional Gold Medal.   
I'm joining Senator Bernie Sanders & Senator McCain on their #VA bill. Not perfect, but it includes reforms for accountability & choice. #bipartisan 
The allegations of mismanagement and negligence at Veterans Affairs Medical Centers across the country are appalling. This bill would ensure that veterans receive better access to care, more control over their health-care decisions, and alternatives to bypass long waiting times.
Students from Central Academy in Macon, Mississippi placed 8th in the nation in SIFMA Foundation's Stock Market Game competition.  Congratulations to these outstanding students!
Great to meet with representatives from the Delta Leadership Institute today.
The "Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act" does nothing to make college more affordable or provide more access to higher education for students.
