Yesterday Sen. Alexander spoke on the Senate floor, calling on Democratic Leader Harry Reid to stop cutting off committee work, debate, amendments and votes so senators in the minority can “have a say on behalf of the people who elected [them].”   Alexander said: “Tennesseans didn’t send me to Washington to rubber-stamp the majority leader’s ideas – not this majority leader, not any majority leader. Tennesseans sent me here to represent them and to advocate their point of view and to give them a say on Obamacare, on balancing the budget, on fixing the deficit, on helping unemployed Americans find jobs, on dealing with wages, on raising family incomes.”   LIKE or SHARE Alexander’s speech if you agree. http://bit.ly/1m59qlZ
NA
It’s not surprising that young people in Missouri and across America are running away from the ObamaCare train wreck. Share your thoughts below on the president's health care law.
In case you missed it: I joined Bill LuMaye yesterday to discuss unemployment benefits. Click below to listen.
We'll be joining Jonesboro's KASU for a live radio interview in about 15 minutes. You can listen live at KASU.org.
Update:  This afternoon I voted against moving forward on the Unemployment Insurance Extension bill after Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid rejected a compromise proposal that would have paid for and reformed the unemployment insurance program.   From the start of this debate, I said that I could only support an extension of benefits if it was paid for without raising more debt and if reforms were made to improve the temporary Emergency Unemployment Compensation program.   I joined with a group of Republicans to offer a set of reforms to the unemployment insurance program based on sound policy and bipartisan ideas. Our proposal would have reformed this broken program, repealed recent cuts to military retirement benefits and allowed amendments from both Republicans and Democrats to receive a vote. Unfortunately, Reid rejected our proposal and chose politics above solutions.  Hoosiers and people across the country are fed up with the dysfunction of Harry Reid’s Senate and deserve better leadership. We need to focus on policies that actually grow the economy and get Americans working again, not increase spending and debt.
This morning I offered an amendment to reform the Emergency Unemployment Compensation (EUC) program as part of legislation currently under consideration by the full Senate that would extend unemployment benefits. My amendment would strengthen existing requirements to ensure unemployment benefits are going to individuals actively looking for work and individuals who truly want to return to the labor force.   The amendment would prohibit individuals from receiving EUC benefits if they fail to accept any offer of suitable work (defined as work within their capabilities) or if they refuse to apply for suitable work referred to them by a state employment agency. States would have flexibility to enforce this requirement consistent with their state laws.     We need to ensure that only those who are actively seeking work but cannot find it are receiving these benefits. I have heard repeatedly from frustrated employers in Indiana who have offered jobs but are told by the applicants that they would rather keep collecting unemployment benefits until they run out. This undermines the core idea of a program designed to help those only in emergency situations who are unable to secure employment.   We are waiting to see if Majority Leader Harry Reid will allow votes on Republican amendments.
The Obama administration has announced that 6 million people have health insurance through Obamacare, but some news reports indicate these numbers are not exactly accurate.  Click the link below to find out exactly where these numbers are coming from.
Senator Collins commends Caribou-native Russell Currier for securing spot on U.S. Olympic biathlon.  "I am delighted that Russell has achieved his dream of becoming a U.S. Olympic athlete.  Russell's successful bid represents the culmination of many years of extraordinary perseverance and dedication.  I have known Russell and his family for many years and, along with the rest of the country, I look forward to cheering on Russell and his teammates when they compete in the Winter Games next month," said Senator Collins.  Currier secured a place on the U.S. biathlon team by being the top American finisher in three of four qualifying races at the U.S. Biathlon Olympic Trials in Ridnaun, Italy.  Currier learned to ski through the Maine Winter Sports Center and is the MWSC's first Olympian to have come entirely through its program.
NA
Cornyn: Administration Must Take IRS Scandal Seriously:
This morning, I had the pleasure of meeting with Fernando de la Cerda, a Guatemalan diplomat who has been instrumental in helping unite Guatemalan children with their US adoptive parents.
Cornyn Slams White House For Refusal to Bring Transparency to Obamacare:
Senators Corker and Alexander host Tennessee Tuesday, a weekly constituent breakfast, each week the Senate is in session. This morning, Senator Corker spoke with representatives from the Tennessee Housing Development Agency about his bill (http://bit.ly/CorkerWarner) to strengthen America’s housing finance system by replacing government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a privately capitalized system that preserves market liquidity and protects taxpayers from future economic downturns. For more information on Tennessee Tuesday, visit: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Today at 1:15 p.m. ET on MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell Reports, Sen. Corker will discuss implementation of the interim nuclear deal with Iran.
I'm concerned that the focus of government surveillance programs has been far too much on law-abiding citizens and far too little on people for whom we have significant reason to believe there may be a real danger of terrorism.
NSA snooping, the Obamacare disaster, and a struggling economy are leaving young Americans disillusioned with President Obama and the Democrats.
Does the White House want to close #Gitmo more than it wants to keep terrorists and their accomplices locked up?
"Iran Celebrates American 'Surrender'; Obama Says 'Give Peace A Chance’"
Just wrong: the doctor who helped us catch Osama is locked up and his bodyguard is being cleared for release. #Gitmo
#RegulationNation
Relief from the unaffordable cost of Obamacare coverage ought to be available to everyone, not just to a select patchwork of individuals chosen by the president.
“BMW is a story worth telling over and over again,” Graham said. “We want to build on this.”
“North Dakota’s two air bases have long served an important role defending our nation’s security, and maintaining the strength of these bases remains a top priority. The bipartisan omnibus bill includes important provisions that will help maintain the important work taking place in Grand Forks and Minot.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=74683f09-1203-4b96-b42f-cc95d18ddef2
This shouldn't be surprising news. I asked former Sec. Panetta in a hearing last February if he new unequivocally in the midst of the Benghazi attack if it was an act of terrorism. His response: "There was no question in my mind that this was a terrorist attack." http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/01/14/benghazi-transcripts-top-defense-officials-briefed-obama-on-attack-not-video-or/
The Supreme Court Judges heard arguments yesterday on President Obama's decision to appoint high-level positions, such as those to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), while the Senate remained in session. The President acted outside his constitutional authority because he knew his nominees did not have the support of the Senate, and he broke a campaign promise to usher in transparency in the federal government. I signed an amicus brief with more than 40 of my colleagues arguing that by appointing high-level federal officers without the Senate's consent and when it was not in "recess," the President took away the chamber's right to review and reject nominations. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/01/13/battle-over-presidential-recess-appointments-heads-to-supreme-court/
#Iran's nuclear negotiator says under a secret side deal no facility will be closed, enrichment will continue, and new centrifuge research will expand. The American people need an insurance policy ASAP. http://lat.ms/1a50pcT
Gen. William Fraser, Commander of U.S. Transportation Command headquartered at Scott Air Force Base, visited my office today. We talked about USTRANSCOM's mission and how vital Scott AFB is to the Metro East area.
 
 http://instagram.com/p/jKFek9MqLn/
Getting ready for a floor speech with my trusty copy of James Madison's Notes of Debates in the Federal Convention of 1787.
Here's my 2014 tele-townhall schedule.  My first event of the year will be tomorrow night at 7:00 MT.  You can sign up on my website to be placed on my VIP call list to ensure that you are called for each event during the year.  I am looking forward to carrying the dialogue we started last year into 2014.
"You can't always tell in every case, but in some cases you can tell where the center of gravity is in the Court.  Today the center of gravity was rather clearly against the president.  This is for the simple reason that the text of the Constitution is clearly against the president."
We ourselves take an oath to uphold the Constitution of the United States. This involves doing more than leaving it to the courts to iron out the details.  We need to be more open, more faithful, more forceful, and less partisan about the way we defend the Constitution of the United States.
This is an important step in the effort to renew hope for the future in rural Kentucky and especially eastern Kentucky. Given the bipartisan interest shown in recent weeks to get government out of the way and let the people of the region work, Congress and the president can come together to pass this legislation on behalf of eastern Kentuckians and rural communities. I look forward to working with Senator Paul to see it passed.
I am pleased with the progress to restore critical and deserved benefits to our nation’s heroes, correcting benefit reductions irresponsibly included in the Budget Act of 2013. This measure included in the Omnibus bill does not, however, protect all veterans and their families from a decreased cost-of-living (COLA) benefit. We must continue to work on behalf of our retired service members who were promised these benefits.
The Omnibus bill that the Senate and House will vote on this week includes language that prohibits any funding of the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty unless it is ratified by the U.S. Senate. At least 50 Senators stand with me in strong opposition to the treaty. Last fall, the Obama Administration’s signed the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty in a direct dismissal of the American people and the bipartisan Senate majority that rejects the ATT. Throughout this process, it has been disturbing to watch the Administration reverse U.S. policies, abandon its own ‘red line’ negotiation principles, admit publicly the treaty’s dangerous ambiguity, and hastily review the final treaty text. With the passage of the Omnibus bill, it will be made unequivocally clear that Congress is committed to upholding the fundamental individual rights of Americans and rejects the ATT. We will not be bound by the treaty and we will not fund its implementation.
This morning around 7:10 a.m. CT, I'll join Steve and Ted on KNSS Radio to discuss the Omnibus appropriations bill and my upcoming town hall meeting in Cheney, Kansas. I encourage you to tune in or listen live.
As a member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Appropriations, I am pleased that the Omnibus appropriations bill filed tonight includes $404 million for construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF) in Manhattan. For those who have questioned whether NBAF will be built in Kansas, the passage of this funding bill will provide a clear answer: yes. This investment means Kansas will become a research epicenter, and the construction of this modern, world-class facility will ultimately create jobs for Kansans in the fields of engineering, science and technology. The talented young men and women who grow up here will have more opportunities to work and live in Kansas.
It’s been a long struggle to deliver relief for Alaskans impacted by the anemic Chinook run in 2012, but I built a "coastal coalition" of lawmakers nationwide hit by fish disasters, and we have $75 million in the 2014 spending bill to help.
I feel like I have been in a fight with this administration to get them to do the right thing and what the Supreme Court told them to do: fully fund Alaska Native hospital operations and ensure the adequate delivery of health care to Alaska Natives.  With today's appropriations bill, Alaska Native health facilities will get full funding for their contract support costs.
8 of my Republican colleagues and I are advancing a measure that will restore full cost of living benefits to early military retirees, and give a 3-month unemployment benefits extension to those still jobless from the Obama administration's policy failures, without adding a dime to the deficit.
Senate Democrats' refusal to come to table on Unemployment Insurance debate shows what's wrong with Washington. We need solutions, not politics. Watch more below:
Insightful Wall Street Journal op-ed on the Administration's 'nonenforcement' approach to law and how it undermines our constitutional order.
Fun to visit with Miami University students this morning. Enjoyed the opportunity to get important insight from future leaders.
Two years ago, President Obama declared the war in Iraq over. With the return of our troops and practical side of the mission concluded, I feel it is necessary to bring the war to an official and legal end.  Read more: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1070
Great seeing my friend Senator Jim DeMint at the @heritagefoundation today
A government of, by and for the people is only possible with a free right to vote. I am committed to securing this right for the people of the Commonwealth and I urge the Kentucky House of Representatives to pass HB 70 so this amendment can be placed on the ballot.  READ MORE HERE: http://www.bgdailynews.com/news/state/paul-backs-restoring-some-felons-voting-rights/article_5083b9b8-db06-5c6b-aba0-af5d6ee5b98c.html
Must-Read: "On Tuesday, the Kentucky libertarian is set to formally introduce a bill to repeal the Authorization of the Use of Military Force in Iraq. The bill, obtained by The Cable, has the support of a handful of Republicans and Democrats. But, in a bit of a surprise, it also has the support of the White House -- at least in principle."  http://thecable.foreignpolicy.com/posts/2014/01/14/with_the_white_house_s_blessing_rand_moves_to_formally_end_the_iraq_war
Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell and I introduced legislation today to help rural counties in Kentucky who are being hurt by the Obama Administration's policies, as established by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), which restrict rural lending practices.  Read more here: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1069
After Sen. Sessions uncovered the fact that wounded warriors’ pensions were cut in the Ryan-Murray spending package and led the effort to undo them, those pension payments for wounded warriors were restored in the current spending bill. However, it retains the cuts for the vast majority of veterans and service members’ pensions, prompting Sessions to continue his efforts to ensure fairness for all our veterans. Sen. Sessions has proposed an amendment that would restore pension funding for military personnel by removing billions in free tax credits for individuals illegal present in the U.S. Majority Leader Harry Reid and his conference continue to block the fix in the Senate.
Swept floors, helped with food prep and talked with employees about issues affecting them and their families at Moe's in North Charleston this weekend.
After 50 years of a government-led "War on Poverty," poverty rates are increasing.  The questions for those of us in government are simple: Are we part of the solution or part of the problem? Are we an ally in this struggle to get ahead, or do we unwittingly make it more difficult? Are we trying the same tactics with the same results?  I will work with anyone else committed to building a better future to develop bold ideas that break away from our past failures.
With Montco DA Risa Vetri Ferman, I met with the Association of Prosecuting Attorneys today on Capitol Hill to share details on my plan to protect children from sexual predators.
Ouch. US falls from 6th to 12th place under Obama. Economy less free than Estonia, Mauritius, 9 other countries. http://tinyurl.com/l4ga53p
Congratulations to Berks Encore on the opening of its new Strausstown Center – the 7th Berks Encore satellite senior center to open in Berks County.  The center, which plans to serve thousands of senior citizens in the region, is a partnership among Berks Encore, St. Joseph Regional Health Network,  and Berks County Area on Aging.  Pictured are LuAnn Oatman, President and CEO of Berks Encore; Marta Gabriel with my office, Craig Lutz, representing State Sen. David G. Argall; and John Morahan, President and CEO of St. Joseph Regional Health Network.
NA
Mississippi’s Seabee battalions have proven invaluable to our national security and image abroad. The Navy’s announcement bolsters that tradition and solidifies the strategic importance of Gulfport.  Further, the relocation of these key naval personnel underscores Mississippi’s ability to support our naval forces and military readiness.
