ICYMI: Sen. Alexander and Rep. Fincher wrote an op-ed about the “IRS Abuse Prevention Act,” which would help taxpayers protect their constitutional rights by requiring the federal government to notify them each time the IRS accesses their tax accounts, tax returns or other tax return information. They wrote, “When the IRS targeted conservative and other groups — including tea party groups in Tennessee — for additional scrutiny because of their politics it created what amounted to an enemies list to keep people quiet…we think it’s time taxpayers be better able to stand up for themselves. Perhaps if they’re armed with the information our legislation would require the federal government to disclose, taxpayers could head off unfair targeting by the IRS before it gets anywhere.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you want to “keep an eye on the IRS.” http://1.usa.gov/1cKp3wr
It is true that Washington is spending at an out-of-control pace, but the first step in changing course is by prioritizing. Out of all of the U.S.’s financial obligations, the men and women who put their lives on the line to defend our freedoms must be placed at the top of the list. Read more about the President's decision to reduce the raise our troops were promised and what Congress can do to fix this in the post below.
We had a great visit at the NWA Children's Shelter this morning and talked with students at the school who have been studying civics. Thanks for the great questions.
I'm honored to be chosen to give the GOP response to the President's weekly national address. You can watch my Weekly Address on my website Saturday. http://tinyurl.com/lgsbrvz
Senator Coats hosted a “Coffee with Coats” meeting with Hoosiers in Fort Wayne. “Coffee with Coats” events are informal settings where Hoosiers can meet with the Senator and discuss legislation before Congress and some of the latest issues of the day.
NA
NA
Yesterday, Honor Flight brought a group of Idaho #WWII veterans to D.C. to see the memorials. Some of my staff welcomed them. #idpol #veterans #GreatestGeneration
PHOTO: With Congressman Cuellar and a number of local officials and business leaders in Mission, TX talking about the keys to achieving a smart border and ensuring safe, robust trade with Mexico, which is responsible for millions of US jobs.
Hearing the latest on the plans for the South TX medical school that will bring economic development, educational resources, and boosted health care access for residents and students in South Texas.
Got some good questions today at the energy town hall in Carrizo Springs.
In the heart of the Eagle Ford Shale in Carrizo Springs, TX. Energy boom here is creating red white and blue jobs, opportunity and remarkable economic development for the region and state.
When is POTUS going to make the case for military intervention in Syria to the American people?
POTUS: The international community cannot be silent on Syria.  2 questions: what is this "community" and why are they largely silent?
More proof that Obamacare only benefits politically connected businesses, their lobbyists, and lawyers, while hard working Americans are left with fewer jobs or lost hours and higher premiums or loss of health insurance altogether.    It's time for Congress to look out for the American people -- and not special interests -- by defunding Obamacare. #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
Voter ID laws protect the integrity of our elections. And despite the claims of AG Holder, in Georgia we've seen minority turnout INCREASE after voter ID laws were enacted.
Speaking with the press about the importance of the fight to #DefundObamacare after a roundtable meeting in El Paso.
FACT: Obamacare creates dozens to hundreds of new bureaucracies. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Honored to join our men and women in uniform for breakfast this morning at Fort Bliss.
Q&A w/36 Kirkwood Comm College students Topics-Syria, term limits, guns, farm bill, mental health, marijuana, 9/11, Detroit, post offices
Nice tour and Q&A with 27 employees at Barnes Mfg in Marion. Topics-Syria, medical costs/Obamacare, gun rights, Social Security.
ISu wins ovr UNI 3/2
At break ISU leads Uni VB 2/0
Iran's Supreme Leader is watching the Syria debate closely; our vote will influence Iran's next steps in the pursuit of nuclear weapons capability.
If you live in southern Utah, can you help me spread the word about this:  Unfortunately, my town hall that was scheduled for Kanab tonight will have to be rescheduled since I had to return to Washington for the Syria briefings.  I apologize if you were planning to attend this event.  If you would like to be notified when we reschedule the event, I encourage you to sign up for my enewsletter: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/signup
The administration has indicated its goal is to use limited military action to significantly degrade Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s ability to use chemical weapons against his own people and to deter future attacks.  After hearing from the Secretary of Defense and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs in a top-secret briefing, I do not believe that the range of options the president is considering will accomplish this military objective, and therefore I cannot now support intervention into the Syrian civil war.   First, it remains unclear how the president’s plan to execute limited strikes would prevent Assad from using chemical weapons again or even make it less likely.  Second, it is entirely possible that ineffective U.S. strikes would embolden Assad to become even more ruthless towards his people.   Finally, I am greatly concerned that in order to achieve the president’s goal, the U.S. would be required to become much more deeply involved in the Syrian civil war than the administration is willing to commit.   The real threat to U.S. credibility is not what happens if we don’t intervene, but what happens if we do without a plan for what comes next.  The risks of the president’s strategy far outweigh the possible gains.  We cannot ask our men and women in uniform to engage in a military conflict that does not present a national security threat to the United States.  Instead, the U. S. should work vigorously to identify and neutralize any real threats to our national security – such as the proliferation of chemical weapons.  We must work to ensure that chemical weapons in Syria do not get into the hands of groups that will use them against American or western targets.”
Senator McConnell visits coal rally in Madisonville, Kentucky. Coal Country Strong
It was good to see my friends in Belleville today at the Republic County Hospital. We discussed the unique challenges facing rural hospitals, as well as the great care they are providing to patients in North Central Kansas. Thanks to Administrator Blaine Miller for the invitation to visit.
I’m in North Central Kansas today, and concerns over U.S. involvement in Syria have dominated my conversations. I've indicated that I will vote against the resolution to use military force and appreciate Kansans continuing to share their thoughts and concerns with me.  There are questions about Members of Congress not being in session in Washington, D.C. If this issue is of such importance that we would risk the lives of our military men and women, the President should have called us back to work. The fact is, he did not – and Majority Leader Harry Reid chose not to as well.   I will be back in Washington and the Senate will be in session on Monday. In the meantime, I will continue to make myself available to Kansans. Please continue to share your thoughts below, or visit moran.senate.gov to reach out to my office.
During my drive today I stopped by the community of Miltonvale and visited with folks at City Hall, the Kountry Kafé, First National Bank, the Post Office, Ruth's Beauty Shop and Twin Valley Telephone. It was good to reconnect with Dave and Genevieve Jones of Clyde while in Miltonvale. We first met at the WWII Memorial last year when Dave was on an Honor Flight. He is a veteran of WWII, Korea and Vietnam.
This is National Hunger Action Month, and as the weather gets crisper, it is important to remember our Alaskan neighbors.  Today, on my first ever trip to Little Diomede, I'm bringing some Alaskan Grown veggies to residents, because I know it can be hard to get fresh produce on the island.  I know this isn’t much, but I think it is important for all of us to help where we can.
Throwback Thursday: Wishing all students a wonderful new school year #tbt
Dear Facebook friends, I now have an Instagram account where I will post a behind-the-scenes look into my daily activities in Washington, D.C. and back home in Kentucky.   Click here to follow me: http://instagram.com/senatorrandpaul
"The U.S. should not fight a war to save face. I will not vote to send young men and women to sacrifice life and limb for stalemate. I will not vote to send our nation’s best and brightest to fight for anything less than victory. If American interests are at stake, then our goal should not be stalemate."  Read, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: http://ideas.time.com/2013/09/04/sen-rand-paul-why-im-voting-no-on-syria/#ixzz2e1Zmit66
We had an excellent informational meeting with the Overland Park Fire Department. This piece of steel was a column in the Twin Towers -- a constant reminder of the service and sacrifice of America's first responders -- our Firefighters and Police in every community in America.
Heading up to DC tomorrow for briefing on Syria.
Big thanks to Philadelphia Gas Works for showing my southeastern Pennsylvania director, Mitch Vidovich, around their Center City operation yesterday.
It was my pleasure to present a copy of the resolution I introduced in the Senate commemorating the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Lake Erie. "Don't give up the ship!"
