The House Science Committee unanimously passed my manufacturing bill last week, marking an important step to revitalize American innovation and jumpstart jobs. It’s time for the Senate to act. #4jobs
I am very pleased that the bipartisan Victims of Child Abuse Act has passed both the House and the Senate and is on its way to the President’s desk for his signature. This is an important step in ensuring we are able to continue providing safe haven for our nation’s child abuse victims and help law enforcement hold perpetrators accountable. #VOCAA
I joined Helping a Hero yesterday in the groundbreaking of wounded military veteran Derick Hurt and his family’s new home in Greenfield. Thank you to Derick and his family, and to all of our military heroes who keep our country safe.
Honored to join Helping a Hero yesterday to break ground on a new home for wounded veteran Derick Hurt and his family in Greenfield. Grateful for all that Derick, his family, and every other military hero have sacrificed for our country. http://sgfnow.co/1zlUOHn
Thanks for participating in our Q&A. I tried to get to more questions this time. Many of you asked questions that were answered earlier so please look back. I look forward to answering your questions on Facebook again soon.
I'm here for a live Q&A and ready to answer your questions. Please post your questions, thoughts, and ideas below.
Please join me today at 12 CT for a Facebook Q&A. I look forward to this open discussion on Facebook and answering questions from Arkansans.
The latest Social Security and Medicare Trustees report, released this afternoon, shows that Washington continues to ignore our nation’s long-term fiscal challenges.   In their report, the trustees estimate that Social Security's disability trust fund will become insolvent in 2016. Both portions of the Social Security program – disability and old age and survivors benefits – are estimated to become insolvent in 2033, with the Medicare trust fund for hospital coverage projected to be insolvent by 2030.  According to the report, “Neither Medicare nor Social Security can sustain projected long-run program costs in full under currently scheduled financing, and legislative changes are necessary to avoid disruptive consequences for beneficiaries and taxpayers. If lawmakers take action sooner rather than later, more options and more time will be available to phase in changes so that the public has adequate time to prepare. Earlier action will also help elected officials minimize adverse impacts on vulnerable populations, including lower-income workers and people already dependent on program benefits.”  Sooner or later, all Americans will feel the impact of our country’s financial reality, and they will hold their elected officials accountable. This report shows why Congress should not wait for this preventable fiscal crisis to hit. We should address this situation now so we are not forced to make more drastic and painful changes later.
The humanitarian and economic impact of our nation’s immigration policy is felt across the country.
NA
Hamas is undoubtedly guilty of violating international humanitarian law through its deliberate, repeated, and consistent use of civilians as human shields.   Hamas is engaged in a campaign of death that knows no boundaries or morals. The United States of America, along with the entire international community must expose and denounce Hamas’ barbaric tactics and unequivocally support Israel's right to self-defense.   This is not just an attack on Israel; it is an attack on free societies around the globe.
Huge victory for the #SecondAmendment! If you’re in DC, you can now legally defend yourself inside AND outside the home! 
Mr. Cook writes, “…the general sentiment was that if you didn't want to cast tough, controversial votes, you shouldn't have run for Congress.” I still believe we were sent to Washington to legislate. That means being able to get votes on your ideas and also having to take tough votes related to the ideas of others.
Looking to stay up-to-date on what I’m working on for you in Washington? Check out The Enzi Insider! From legislation to letters, it’s a great way to stay informed. This week’s Enzi Insider updates you on my efforts to halt the EPA from relying on secret data, requesting information on an investigation into the discovery of smallpox samples stored improperly, and more.  
The policy of financing child welfare programs including foster care is important.  Getting the most value from every dollar is critical when needs are so great.  Senator Grassley invites ideas and attendance at the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth Discussion on Child Welfare Financing Reform, Wednesday, July 30, 2014, 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Eastern, 325 Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, D.C.
Congratulations to Grand Forks Air Force Base on being named by the Air Force Times as the sixth best base for airmen in the country.  Congratulations, also, to Minot Air Force Base for ranking 17th on the paper's list.    Both bases do tremendous work for our state and country, and we're grateful to the outstanding men and women who serve at Grand Forks and Minot. 
Congratulations to Fargo on being named Best Small Places for Business and Careers.
“We made it clear to the Administrator that the EPA needs to abandon this proposed rule. Their proposal is causing uncertainty for our farmers and ranchers and making it more difficult and more expensive for our producers to do their jobs. The last thing they need is the burden of additional regulations and litigation.”
The Senate and House have come together to put forward a comprehensive Veterans Affairs (VA) reform legislation. I am glad to announce that this bill will allow the Tulsa VA clinic to pursue a new cost-effective facility to best serve Oklahoma veterans’ growing health care needs. The clinic's current lease is set to end in 2020 and cannot be renewed due to the location not being up to current regulations for medical facilities. The bill will allow the VA clinic to pursue a larger facility in order to consolidate its multiple locations, expand its services and improve the quality of care for Tulsa’s growing veteran population. Please follow this link to read my joint statement with Congressman Jim Bridenstine and Congressman Markwayne Mullin: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-bridenstine-mullin-praise-tulsa-va-clinic-provision-in-va-reform-bill
My mobile office will be in Escalante, UT today.  If you are nearby, this would be a great opportunity to come meet with my staff: 
I am gratified that an agreement has been reached to begin addressing the most pressing issues raised by the ongoing scandal in veterans’ health care. Even as there is much more to do to fulfill our solemn responsibilities to all who have served, today’s agreement represents a significant step forward toward addressing this crisis. My full statement: http://1.usa.gov/UGPI99
Please read Senator Mitch McConnell's latest column regarding his work to assist Kentucky families with international adoptions.  During his career, Senator McConnell has proudly supported several legislative measures to encourage adoption and has assisted several Kentucky families in bringing their children home.  Link to column online: http://1.usa.gov/1pmcWfQ 
It is great to welcome Air Force Reservists from the 931st Air Refueling Group at McConnell Air Force Base home from a 60-day deployment to Al Udeid Air Base, Qatar. Thank you for your service and sacrifice.
Before returning to Washington, D.C. today, I visited A&E Custom Manufacturing in Kansas City, Kansas — a company that specializes in high-end fabrication and metal stamping. Through A&E’s partnership with  KCK Community College, they maintain a skilled and educated workforce to compete in the global economy. A&E is an example of a successful Kansas company that creates manufacturing jobs here in America. I will continue to work to create a favorable environment where businesses like A&E may grow and thrive. Here, I am pictured with owner Steve Hasty.
Happy 30th anniversary to my wife Robba. She dug up an oldie but a goodie for the occasion.
It was announced today that an agreement has been struck between the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House on legislation to overhaul access to veterans’ health care.T he compromise reached will provide Kansas veterans with greater access, choice and flexibility in health care providers and increase accountability and transparency at the VA. am pleased Congress did not walk away from this issue and I look forward to supporting this compromise. This legislation is another important step toward ensuring veterans no longer struggle with unacceptable wait times at VA facilities by giving certain veterans the option of seeing their local physician. Our nation’s veterans should be treated like patriots, deserving of care from a grateful nation – not made to feel like a burden. I will not rest until Kansas veterans have a Department of Veterans Affairs worthy of their service and sacrifice.
A great read for Alaskans with an eye on the Arctic is the USCG Cutter Healy's blog.  You can keep up-to-date on the research they are conducting, the work they are doing -- and the occasional 'sumo wrestling' tournament for fun.  Keep up the great work!
I know a lot of Alaskans were out enjoying the late July weekend, so you may have missed me on "Platts Energy Week" talking about why improving access to Alaska’s oil and gas is vital to our future. You can see my interview here. http://www.plattstv.com/
I was pleased to honor three Kansas 2014 Congressional Award Gold Medal recipients at a reception in my Wichita Senate Office. They are from left to right: Robert Youel, Jackie Shipman and Dhonovan Hauserman. The Gold Medal Award requirements are 400 hours of volunteer public service, 200 hours of personal development, 200 hours of physical fitness and an expedition/exploration activity that includes a minimum of four consecutive overnights. Congratulations and a BIG thank you to these outstanding young individuals.
Rubio Comments On VA Reform Agreement: http://1.usa.gov/1nSXWq0  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) reform agreement reached today.   Although he is not a member of the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Rubio was asked to be part of the House-Senate conference committee organized to reconcile different versions of VA reform legislation due to his leadership in sponsoring the VA Management Accountability Act of 2014, which passed the House in May and was included in the Senate-passed VA reform legislation in June.    “This VA reform agreement is an important step forward to begin addressing the dysfunction and incompetence that are plaguing our VA system and hurting our veterans. By providing our veterans with more doctor choices outside the VA system, this takes significant steps to make sure that those who have served our country aren’t condemned to endless waiting times just to get an appointment.     “I have fought to reform the VA, and a key part of this fight has been to hold bad managers accountable. After the scandal erupted earlier this year, my biggest priority was to make sure that my legislation making it easier to fire incompetent, negligent or dishonest managers was included in any reform. During the conference committee, I’m proud that this provision became even stronger than what the Senate passed earlier this year. It’s time to end the shameful VA status quo that has made it easier for bad workers to receive bonuses than get fired.     “Despite the dysfunction it exhibited at times, it’s been my honor to serve on this conference committee. I also want to take this opportunity to commend Congressman Jeff Miller, the lead Republican negotiator on this committee. I’ve known Jeff for many years and had the privilege of working with him in the Florida House. I’ve always known that Jeff Miller is the real deal when it comes to public service, and this experience further solidified that impression. Florida’s Panhandle, our entire state and all our veterans are fortunate to have Jeff Miller championing their causes.” 
Congratulations to Matthew Ellow of Lacy's Spring on your election as president of Boys Nation! http://www.al.com/news/huntsville/index.ssf/2014/07/morgan_county_teen_elected_pre.html#incart_river
Sen. Sessions spoke on the floor today to encourage his colleagues to fight President Obama’s planned executive amnesty -- and to encourage the American people to demand to know where their representatives stand on the issue.  Sessions commented in part:   “American people will not be mocked. They have begged and pleaded for our nation's immigration law to be enforced for 30 or 40 years… The politicians have refused, refused, refused, refused. The American public defeated amnesty after amnesty after amnesty and they will not sit back and allow the president to implement through unlawful fiat what they have defeated through the democratic process. They must not yield to this.  "In effect, the President is preparing to assume for himself the absolute power to set immigration law in America.  The absolute power to determine who may enter and who may work—not matter what the law says—by the millions… The American people will fight this.  They will resist… So I am calling on all Members of Congress today to stand up to the President’s lawless actions and sponsor legislation to block [these actions].  I am calling on all Members of Congress today to oppose any border supplemental that does not include such language.  I am calling on every person in this body, and in the House, to stand and be counted at this perilous hour.  I am calling on the American people to phone their representative and ask them: where do you stand?   "All of us were elected by citizens to serve them and their constitution.  Will we answer that call?  Where will history record you stood at this hour?” 
Be sure to tune in to Sen. Sessions' floor speech on President Obama's planned executive amnesty and work permitting at 2:45pm ET / 1:45pm CT. Sen. Sessions is encouraging the American public to call their members of Congress to ask where they stand on this fundamental issue.
Joined Secretary Moniz in touring the Savannah River Site this morning, discussing the MOX project, SRNL, and other priorities.
Great to be in Collegeville this morning to hold a Q and A with local veterans and employers about what Congress can do to improve the job climate for veterans!
Today, I joined Senator Thad Cochran and Congressman Steven Palazzo in welcoming a U.S. Air Force decision to rescind personnel restrictions on the 815th Tactical Airlift Squadron at Keesler Air Force Base. Moving forward, we will continue to fight the Air Force’s ill-conceived proposal to transfer the C-130Js from Keesler, which have served our military and the Gulf Coast well.
This bill would give Mississippi’s innovative health-care providers, like UMMC, the necessary tools for telehealth technology, improving the ways they serve their patients. Telehealth cuts down travel time and increases access to specialists for residents in many rural areas who do not live near these essential health-care resources.
I will be on CSPAN's "Washington Journal" with John McArdle at approx 6:45a CT tomorrow morning. I hope you can tune in!
The Court’s decision supports what I have said all along: President Putin and his cronies should have to pay for their politically-motivated and illegal seizure of Yukos – a privately owned company.
Wicker Report | The President may find it politically expedient to change the laws he disagrees with and to choose the ones he wants to obey. But overstepping the bounds of the Constitution is a direct affront to the integrity of our democracy and sets a dangerous precedent. As elected representatives of the American people, Congress is compelled to protect these cherished rights. Litigation to require that the President faithfully execute the law is important to keeping the Constitution’s separation of powers intact.
