Please stay in touch, for the latest news from Sen. Alexander’s office.
Portsmouth business roundtable
Met with NH business owners in Manchester office this morning to discuss ongoing efforts to stop online sales tax legislation.
I won’t support President Obama's proposals that infringe on Americans’ constitutional rights and fail to prevent tragedies like Sandy Hook. Instead, I’m committed to finding ways to prevent senseless acts of violence by focusing on improving mental health policies to ensure we’re spending federal dollars more wisely when it comes to identifying, treating, and caring for people who are mentally ill.
Health Care claims costs in North Carolina will rise by 13.5% due to Obamacare.
  
 Share if you think this kind of reform is unacceptable.
This week's column is on how we can improve Arkansas's waterways.
NA
Senator Collins visited with students and faculty at Leonard Middle School in Old Town today as part of their Spirit Week.  She was treated with excellent performances by the jazz ensemble and chorus.
Maybe the savings could be used by DHS for enhanced border security.
Can you say irrelevant?
Failure to aggressively prosecute gun crimes a problem
Failure to aggressively prosecute gun crimes a problem
Places that prosecute fewest gun crimes may surpise you
Breitbart: Sen. Cornyn: 'Open the People's House:'
Joining Edd Hendee on KSEV at 7:45 CT.  Listen in if you can: http://v5.player.abacast.com/v5.1/player/index.php?uid=6089
In any conversation about how to prevent future tragedies such as Sandy Hook, our focus should be on stopping criminals from obtaining guns. Unfortunately, the Obama Administration has failed to make this a priority — in 2010, out of more than 15,700 fugitives and felons who tried to illegally purchase a firearm, the Obama Justice Department prosecuted only 44. That is unacceptable.  It is saddening to see the President today, once again, try to take advantage of this tragic murder to promote an agenda that will do nothing to stop violent crime, but will undermine the constitutional rights of all law-abiding Americans. I am committed to working with Sens. Rand Paul, Mike Lee, Marco Rubio, and Jim Inhofe--and I hope many other colleagues--to use any procedural means necessary to protect those fundamental rights.
Enjoyed the chance to speak with Dallas area small business owners at this morning's roundtable hosted by Google and Intuit.
NA
Visited the Fort Kearney Red Cross today. Great to learn about their many different services to help keep Nebraskans safe providing disaster preparation and relief. Check out their free mobile apps complete with safety tips and severe weather warnings: http://www.redcross.org/prepare/mobile-apps
A new study estimates Nebraskans' health care claims costs will go up 30.8% per-person, per-month by 2017. While traveling around the state this week, Nebraskans continue to voice their concern about the costly effects this law will have on their families and small businesses. http://yhoo.it/1095UNP
The senator said his ideal plan would:  * secure the country’s borders * control who gets jobs in America * provide access for non-citizen workers as needed * provide a path to citizenship for the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the country.  That path to citizenship would require illegal immigrants to go to the back of the line to apply for citizenship, require English proficiency exams, ensure immigrants are paying taxes and impose a fine for those who are illegal immigrants, Graham said.
VintonShellsburg HS 86 students Qs: Gaymarriage, DHS- 1.3B bullets, Guns, Fed, Marijuana, DeathPnlty,Abortion, Educ, Sequest, Global Warming
Senator Grassley upset with IRS training video
Toured GoDaddy in Hiawatha. 100 employees and Qs on guncontrol, SOPA, VAClaimsBacklog, Ethanol, Green Energy, internet privacy
Cedar Co. mtg- 65ppl in Tipton. Qs abt Farm Bill, UN gun Treaty,Guns, SocialSecurity, Foreign aid.
Grassley, Hatch protest 'unlimited' health-law grants - The Hill's Healthwatch
Iowa League of Cities victory against the EPA
FARGO, N.D. – Senator John Hoeven is joined by students and school officials at Davies High School to show support for the Sensible School Lunch Act, legislation he introduced to provide school districts with greater flexibility to meet the nutritional needs of all students. Hoeven met during the lunch hour to highlight the importance of his legislation, which would ensure that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) permanently modifies strict rules for serving grains, starches and proteins in school meals. More info here: http://hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=5e2218b9-8948-40e6-8748-653f7f9757ff
MINOT, N.D. – Senator John Hoeven is joined by students and school officials at Magic City Campus on March 27, to show support for the Sensible School Lunch Act, legislation he introduced to provide school districts with greater flexibility to meet the nutritional needs of all students. Hoeven met during the lunch hour to highlight the importance of his legislation, which would ensure that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) permanently modifies strict rules for serving grains, starches and proteins in school meals. More info here: http://hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=cb09eb88-21a6-41ff-aa0e-5a50e019326c
“Tourism today is one of our state’s largest industries, and we appreciate Director Jarvis’s understanding of that and his willingness to work with us. Working with him and the affected communities, we will try to find a way to keep this remarkable sight open so that North Dakotans and visitors from across the nation and around the world can enjoy the beauty of our Badlands.”
Thanks Jennifer Aniston for the well wishes
According to reports human rights lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh was denied a furlough extension & forced to continue her wrongful imprisonment in Iran.
According to Senator Marco Rubio, "We should look for ways to keep firearms out of the hands of criminals and the mentally ill prone to misusing them, but I oppose legislation that will be used as a vehicle to impose new Second Amendment restrictions on responsible, law-abiding gun owners."
From the release:  “The proposals the president is calling for Congress to pass would primarily serve to reduce the constitutionally protected rights of law-abiding citizens while having little or no effect on violent crime,” said Senator Lee, a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee. “It is deeply unfortunate that he continues to use the tragedy at Newtown as a backdrop for pushing legislation that would have done nothing to prevent that horrible crime.”  “Along with my colleagues Rand Paul of Kentucky and Ted Cruz of Texas, I have informed the Majority Leader that we will exercise our procedural right to require a 60-vote threshold in order to bring any of the president’s proposals to the floor.  We have done this for three reasons:  “First, as we saw last week with a vote on my amendment to establish a two-thirds requirement for the passage of any new gun legislation, virtually all Republicans and at least six Democrats believe that new gun legislation should have overwhelming bipartisan support in the Senate before it becomes law.  “Second, this debate is about more than magazine clips and pistol grips. It is about the purpose of the Second Amendment and why our constitutionally protected right to self-defense is an essential part of self-government. Any legislation that would restrict our basic right to self-defense deserves robust and open debate.  Requiring a 60-vote threshold helps ensure that we have that debate rather than skipping directly to the back room deals, horse trading, and business-as-usual politics that typifies the way Congress passes legislation today.  “Finally, many of the current gun proposals are constitutionally problematic.  Altering the application of constitutional protections should require approval by a supermajority of Congress.  With a 60-vote threshold, we are seeking to ensure that a bare majority does not jeopardize the basic rights of the American people.    “The Senate — and the American people — have an important debate ahead of us.  I look forward to this debate and hope that others Senators join me, Rand Paul, and Ted Cruz in demanding that our discussions take place in full view of the American people.”
"Whenever there is a Constitutional right at stake, I think it is important for us to utilize every procedural tool we have at our disposal to make sure those rights are not taken away from the American people casually."
Senator Ted Cruz makes some great points about assault weapons bans and universal background checks in this video.  He also explains why he joined Senator Rand Paul and I in sending a letter to Senator Reid to indicate that we will be requiring a 60-vote threshold on any legislation that will restrict Americans' 2nd Amendment rights.
NA
Good luck to Coach Marshall and the Shox tonight in Los Angeles as they gear up for a Sweet 16 win against LaSalle. Wichita State continues to make Kansas proud.
Recently, I sponsored Senator Tester of Montana’s Veterans Transportation Service Bill to make certain veterans — especially those who live in rural areas — have access to the quality health care they deserve. The bill provides funding for vehicles, mobility managers and transportation coordinators to help transport veterans to and from doctor’s appointments at VA Health Care Facilities. Currently, the VA Health Care Facilities in Topeka and Kansas City are benefiting from this program.  To learn more, click the link below.
Thanks to all the Alaskans in Anchorage who joined us for today's Choose Respect March. I agree with those in attendance that say so much more is needed. This event is a small gesture, but it's a meaningful way for over a hundred Alaskan communities to be united and mindful of the epidemic of abuse that we must all be committed to ending.
One of my favorite things about coming back home is checking in with our students.  Right now, I'm visiting the Sand Lake Elementary Japanese Immersion program today.  This first grade class is leaning about emotions.  I brought a message back from my recent visit to Japan - they're still recovering from the devastating tsunami there and the kids wanted me to tell the kids back in Alaska not to forget about them.  We won't.
I will be joining Alaskans in 150 communities today in Choosing Respect.  I know these marches are a small step, but if we can raise awareness and give just one Alaskan strength to stand up to domestic violence and sexual assault in our state, I think it is worth it.  Join me today at noon on the Park Strip.
Politico Pro today highlighted passage of my amendment to the Senate Democrats’ budget that would empower the Congressional Budget Office to release alternative dynamic scores of tax bills to reflect how tax policy alters people and markets’ behavior.
I will be appearing on Fox New's Hannity tonight to talk with Eric Bolling about the 2nd Amendment and strong border security.  Be sure to tune in!
This frontpage article from the Wall Street Journal is an excellent analysis of the problem with states gaming the Food Stamp Program and creating a patchwork of eligibility criteria. My bill addresses this problem and preserves nutrition assistance for those that need it most.  http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887323699704578328601204933288.html?mod=WSJ_hps_LEFTTopStories
As President Visits Miami On Friday, Rubio Outlines How "Obama's Policies Don't Help Middle Class": http://hrld.us/14zmk7Q
Senator Rubio Stands Against Effort To Infringe On Second Amendment Rights: http://1.usa.gov/YWeugi
Sessions issued the following comments on the efforts of Leader Reid and Chairman Leahy to attempt to rush through the Gang of 8 immigration bill in April before people know what’s in it:   “Last week, Ranking Member Grassley, Senator Hatch, Senator Cornyn, Senator Lee, Senator Cruz, and myself sent a letter to Chairman Leahy warning against a rush to pass an amnesty bill before the American people know what’s in it. In his reply to our letter, Chairman Leahy effectively informed Committee members that he has every intention of moving on a rushed timetable that would make it impossible for lawmakers or the public to properly assess a bill of this magnitude.   Specifically, it seems the Chairman is arguing we can put a bill on the floor two weeks after the Gang of Eight potentially produces legislation in early April. The Chairman’s suggestion that we don’t need hearings on this new proposal because we have held immigration hearings in the past misses the entire point: the massive proposal being cobbled together by a group of Senators in secret must be independently judged and reviewed by the Judiciary Committee in the full light of day. That will take months—not two weeks—and will require hearings on every aspect of this issue: protecting American workers and wages, protecting our public benefit programs and ensuring enforcement of the public charge law, evaluating the size, scope, and impact of any guest worker program, tracking visa overstays, etc.   No member of Congress who believes in democratic procedure can acquiesce to the ramming through of a thousand-page bill that will dramatically and directly impact the taxes, wages, and security of our constituents.”
Thank you to all 500 folks who came out to our Lowcountry office opening this afternoon!
I've asked Brian Langan and Mitch Vidovich to accept new responsibilities as constituent outreach directors for Northeast and Southeast Pennsylvania. Brian is a Dunmore native, and Mitch will be returning home to Delaware County. These two are both dedicated public servants and will help me be a strong voice in Washington and a principled, effective champion in the U.S. Senate for the people of Pennsylvania.
Drexel's Dragons have a shot at WNIT quarterfinals for the first time ever tonight. Good luck!
http://www.buckslocalnews.com/articles/2013/03/28/bucks_sports/doc515480b894094793059056.txt
The administration is seeking to shrink Medicare Advantage benefits for millions of seniors. This is unacceptable and I've written the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services to find out why.
Let's go Explorers!
Agree.
