In response to President’s Obama’s decision to unilateral decision to grant executive amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants, Sen. Alexander said, “Our Founders did not want a king and the American people don’t want a president who acts like one. Our immigration system is broken and our border is a mess. The president should be working with Congress to secure the border and create a system of legal immigration – not disregarding the rule of law and the will of the American people.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=3c7da557-5df9-4904-939e-5fc77dc8f9ab
President Obama can't ignore the law. Congress will act to stop his executive over-reach. #immigration #amnesty
Tonight the President announced his intention to pursue amnesty for illegal immigrants through executive action.  This decision, counter to his own statements over the last few years, represents the very height of Presidential arrogance and signifies a dangerous shift from a nation of laws to a nation of men.  In order to achieve some sort of gain for his political party, the President risks damage to the rule of law in our nation, but he also threatens a more immediate impact on those here legally, those following the legal process to gain entry into our country, and others struggling to find work in a fragile economy.  Our border states will also be further stressed as they deal with another, almost certain surge of additional illegal immigrants looking for similar treatment from this White House.
The Constitution charges the President with the responsibility to ensure the laws that Congress makes are faithfully executed. When the President tells millions of people that the law as written, no longer applies to them, he has moved from discretion to abuse. Make no mistake. Congress intends to use the power of the purse to defund the President’s actions. We will pursue all other available tools offered by our legislative and oversight powers to confront President Obama’s unprecedented abuses of power.
I'll discuss my opposition to the President's immigration executive order with Newsradio 102.9 KARN in 5 minutes. Listen live at the link below.
On POTUS's immigration executive order: "This is clearly an overreach of the office. He simply doesn’t have the authority to do this. Congress needs to take all the tools we have in the toolbox to really push back."
President Obama’s announcement on executive amnesty flies in the face of his promises to follow the law, deliver ‘fairness’ and help unemployed Americans find good jobs. Instead of reaching across the aisle after the election, President Obama has shut down the opportunity for common ground. His action will make it even harder for Washington to pass responsible immigration reform. In the aftermath of the President’s decision to ignore Americans, Congress will act. We are listening to Americans and we will stand up for them.
To read my full statement following the President’s announcement that he will act unilaterally on immigration, click here: http://goo.gl/aIjcbJ #idpol
Cornyn Responds to President Obama Ending Secure Communities Program:
Senator Corker issued the following statement regarding President Obama's decision to take executive action on immigration:  “The president is not acting in strength, he is acting in weakness,” said Corker. “This decision makes it clear that the president doesn’t have the ability and willingness to lead by rolling up his sleeves and doing the hard work to reach a consensus that is in the best interest of our country.”  Corker continued, “The president is blatantly ignoring the rule of law and Congress’ constitutional role, and I could not be more disappointed. Congress has to respond, but the response should be prudent and we should not lose sight of the fact that our job over the next two years is to enact policies that will make our nation stronger.”
Why’s Pres. Obama making it easier for immigrants to come to America illegally instead of legally? #StopObamasAmnesty
Once our armed forces are placed in harm’s way, Congress, and the Commander-in-Chief have a responsibility to support them and to provide security for the families who remain behind while they face danger.  The morbidity rate of Ebola poses a substantial danger to those who have been sent to combat it and, for the first time, this risk extends beyond the battlefield and directly threatens the safety of their families.  Congress should give these service members the appropriate recognition and respect for their service in times of grave danger. The risks posed to our Armed Forces conducting their assigned mission in Africa warrants this consideration.
Moments ago, President Obama announced he would unilaterally grant amnesty to millions of people who have come to our country illegally.  I have one question: Why is President Obama making it easier for immigrants to come to our nation illegally rather than legally?  His actions are not only unconstitutional and in defiance of the American people who said they did not want amnesty in the 2014 elections, but they are also unfair to every immigrant who has come to our nation legally.  We are all the sons and daughters of immigrants who dreamed of opportunity in a nation where if you worked hard and played by the rules, you could achieve anything.  We can’t let one President abandon that dream for us all.
Fact checking President Obama's amnesty speech from Thursday night.
By circumventing Congress on immigration and instituting his will through executive actions, President Obama is eroding the very foundation of our country and form of government. This sets a dangerous precedent where future presidents can flout any law they happen to disagree with and alter the law without going through Congress. Each branch of government is to act as a check against the others and not sit idly by as one exercises authority it does not have. A constitutional law professor should know that.
Joining Fox News Radio 550 KFYI's Mike Broomhead at 8:32 a.m. MT to discuss how #Congress should respond to the president's #immigration executive order. Listen live at the link below.
#Tucson residents - having any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff's bilingual office hours at the Sam Lena-South Tucson Branch Library TODAY from 10:30 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.
As someone who supports broad reform to our immigration system, I'm very disappointed with the action the president is taking. It certainly doesn't seem like the right way to work with a new Congress.
NA
Assemblyman Hansen’s past comments and positions on race, religion, and gender that have recently been reported give me great concern. These comments were insensitive, wrong, and extremely offensive and insulting. Statements like these do not have a place in public discourse.
The Senate passed comprehensive, bipartisan legislation providing a long-term solution back in 2013, and I supported it and continue to do so. What I don’t agree with is the use of the executive order nor do I agree with the Administration bypassing Congress. In utilizing an executive order, the President is being short-sighted and is merely offering a band aid for a much larger issue. This is not leadership. We need true comprehensive reform to fix our nation’s broken immigration system. The Senate already came up with a viable proposal. Now is the time for the President to work with Speaker Boehner to offer a realistic plan.
“We are proud of the hard work of the entire Sweetwater Elementary community. The National Blue Ribbon designation is a result of dedicated teachers and administrators, hardworking students and supportive parents and families. This honor is only awarded to the top schools in our nation and Sweetwater Elementary has set itself apart as one of the best.”
Today's tribal highlight in honor of National American Indian Heritage Month is the ᏣᎳᎩᎦᏬᏂᎯᏍᏗ (Cherokee) tribe. Here are five things to know about the Cherokees.   1. Sequoyah, the inventor of the Cherokee Syllabary settled in Sallisaw, Oklahoma. In the syllabary each of the 85 syllables represent a syllable that make up words in the Cherokee language instead of the alphabetic consonant or vowel. Sequoyah County, Oklahoma is named after him. One of the two statues used to represent the state of Oklahoma is of Sequoyah and it was given to the National Statuary Hall Collection in 1917. His statue was the first statue honoring a Native American to be chosen for the National Statuary Hall Collection.   2. Pioneer of political thought, humorist, and enthusiastic spokesman for the aviation industry Will Rogers was born in Indian Territory near the town which is now Claremore, Oklahoma. His statue was given to National Statuary Hall by the State of Oklahoma in 1939. Read this TIME article to “See Will Rogers Original Application for Enrollment in the Cherokee Nation”: http://time.com/3551486/will-rogers-cherokee-dawes-rolls/  3. Congressman Markwayne Mullin is an enrolled member of the Cherokee nation.   4. Wilma Mankiller,  of Tahlequah, Oklahoma is the first female Principal Chief of the Cherokees and recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1998.  5. Today the Cherokee Phoenix, which is published in Oklahoma, is the largest tribally funded Native American newspaper in the country.
The Environmental Protection Agency's irresponsible decision to hold off on an announcement for RFS requirements until next year is simply kicking the can down the road.  The EPA should have finalized the 2014 Renewable Volume Obligations in November of 2013, and now U.S. refiners and other affected entities will pay the price with a government mandate that has become retroactive.  This only feeds the environment of uncertainty our economy has suffered with over the past six years, and is not how we should do business in America.  Today’s announcement serves as another reminder that the Renewable Fuel Standard is broken and must be addressed in a new Congress. http://online.wsj.com/articles/epa-punts-on-annual-ethanol-rule-1416592785
In a civilized and cultivated country, wild animals only continue to exist at all when preserved by sportsmen. – Theodore Roosevelt  Have a safe and happy hunting season! For safety tips, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1uj5KQQ. #WIHunt
Sen. Johnson appeared tonight on Fox News Channel's The Kelly File to discuss President Obama’s immigration executive action and his plans to respond as incoming chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee - watch here:
In a desperate attempt to remain relevant, the President has decided to defy the American people, ignore the election results, and usurp the legislative process.  This act demonstrates he respects neither election outcomes, nor the rule of law.  It will make the humanitarian crisis at the border worse, and could potentially create a constitutional crisis within our republic. Congress must respond to restore the proper checks and balances to our constitutional order, and it must do so quickly and forcefully.  I hope and expect there are a number of Democrats who are tired of being asked to protect the President, often at great political cost.  It’s time for them to stand with the American people.
Saturday, November 22, is National #Adoption Day. Join me in thanking the many Kentuckians who have opened their homes through adoption. Check out Senator McConnell's op-ed on its importance
McConnell-Supported Bill to Update VFW Federal Charter Passes Senate; Now Goes to President for Signature  WASHINGTON, D.C. – U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell announced today that the U.S. Senate passed a bipartisan bill he supported that would better reflect the service and sacrifice of women in the military by updating the federal charter for the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) of the United States. The bill now goes to the President for his signature.  Senator McConnell was the first Senate Republican to cosponsor the Senate version of the bill.  Senator McConnell worked with his colleagues and Kentucky’s VFW leaders in this effort to update the VFW’s Federal charter for our nation’s women veterans.   “It’s always an honor to secure passage of legislation to honor our nation’s heroes and I will remain committed, through my new role as Senate Majority Leader in the next Congress, to build on efforts to best assist the men and women who served in our military,” Senator McConnell said.  Senator McConnell has long been a leader in Congress for Kentucky veterans. He has been a vigorous advocate for Kentucky’s servicemembers and military families and has supported numerous pieces of legislation important to Kentucky’s veterans, including bills to reform the Veterans Administration (VA), reduce the VA claims backlog and increase cost-of-living-adjustment disability benefits for our veterans and their survivors.   ####
Senator Mitch McConnell's speech today on the President's immigration plan is here: http://t.co/DuMjeX33vn
There is no more important decision for the future of Western Kansas than who leads Fort Hays State University. Today, it was a real honor to attend the inauguration of their new President Dr. Mirta Martin at Gross Memorial Coliseum. Also in attendance were a number of state and local officials, faculty, staff, students, alumni, and community members who all came to celebrate the transition in leadership. Dr. Martin has made quite an impression on the FHSU community, and my expectation is her vision, charisma and experience will lead FHSU to many future successes and achievements.   My wife and Kansas Board of Regents Member, Robba, served on the selection committee and I was glad to join her in Hays to congratulate and support President Martin. Welcome “home” President Martin. And go Tigers!
Good news for all historians and any Alaskan wanting access to our state’s historical records: the National Archives and Records Administration staff has begun the process prioritizing which Alaska records will be digitized first. This is a critical first step forward in ensuring that all Alaskans can read the early chapters of our state’s incredibly fascinating story!
Just as our nation has a duty to honor Veterans for their service to our country, America also has a commitment to our First People – known as the federal Indian trust responsibility. That's why I was proud to back bipartisan legislation with my Indian Affairs Committee colleagues to make funding available to tribal housing authorities for Alaska Native veterans, the same way federal resources can be found at the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
The International Maritime Safety Committee is getting ready to vote on some important Polar Code rules today on Arctic shipping. It’s a good first step for the Arctic community that we’re agreeing on some ‘rules of the road’ to promote safety as more ships navigate Arctic waters.
I'd like to share with you my thoughts about the immigration move that President Obama just announced:  Alaskans know that I support thoughtful comprehensive, bipartisan immigration reform of the current broken system. This is why I voted for a bill in June 2013 that had been vetted and debated in the U.S. Senate, and I stand ready to do so again in the next Congress.   However, what I cannot support is immigration changes in the form of a unilateral executive action - something President Obama himself called unlawful twenty two separate times. What’s changed?   Moves like this are exactly the sort of executive overreach that Alaskans have consistently rejected over time.
Gave the Cincinnati Enquirer a look into my "hideaway" in the U.S. Capitol this week. A good place for me to meet with constituents and get work done.
Today's MUST-READ: Justices Consider Whether Tossing Out Fish Destroyed Records  http://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/06/us/john-yates-supreme-court-justices-hear-argument-on-whether-fish-thrown-back-were-records-destroyed-.html?_r=0
In Case You Missed It:  Watch Senator Roberts response to President Obama's irresponsible and unconstitutional executive order on immigration last night.
President Obama’s executive order on amnesty directly defies the message the American people sent on election night. The President has no interest in a constructive working relationship with Congress.  He has no intention of listening to the will American people, and he has no respect for the Constitutional boundaries of his office.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=5a424a39-96c7-41d2-8471-ef88958b6f6c
Rubio Comments On President Obama’s Immigration Executive Orders: http://1.usa.gov/1p44SDZ  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding President Obama’s executive orders on immigration:    “We need immigration reform. But the right way to do it is to first bring illegal immigration under control by securing the borders and enforcing the laws, then modernizing our legal immigration system. After we do these things, we will eventually have to deal with those here illegally in a reasonable but responsible way. The President’s actions now make all of this harder and are unfair to people in our immigration system who are doing things the right way.”   In an August letter to the President, Rubio highlighted the adverse impact unilateral action will have on any progress toward real reform, and laid out the steps necessary to achieve immigration reform.
Read my reaction to President Obama's executive amnesty announcement tonight here: http://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsreleases?ID=c1811cb9-8406-4609-90b5-f6c9d1e2c60b
Sen. Sessions released the following statement tonight on President Obama’s announced executive amnesty:  “President Obama’s executive amnesty violates the laws Congress has passed in order to create and implement laws Congress has refused to pass.  The President is providing an estimated 5 million illegal immigrants with social security numbers, photo IDs and work permits—allowing them to now take jobs directly from struggling Americans during a time of record immigration, low wages, and high joblessness.  This amnesty plan was rejected by the American people’s Congress.  By refusing to carry out the laws of the United States in order to make his own, the President is endangering our entire Constitutional order.  The President’s plan will apparently also allow many illegal immigrants to receive green cards and become legal permanent residents—meaning they can access almost all U.S. welfare programs, have lifetime work authorization, obtain citizenship, and sponsor foreign relatives to join them in the U.S.  Law enforcement has warned this unprecedented amnesty will unleash a ‘tidal wave’ of new illegal immigration flooding into American neighborhoods at taxpayers’ expense.  The President’s plan also calls for boosting foreign worker programs for IT companies that experts tell us displace U.S. workers and keep wages low.  The President’s unconstitutional action is a direct threat to our Republican system of government and will have catastrophic consequences for the American people.  It must be stopped.  And the way to stop it is by using Congress’ power of the purse.  The House should send the Senate a government funding bill which ensures no funds can be spent for this unlawful purpose.  If Reid’s Senate Democrats vote to surrender their own institution to an imperial dictate and block the measure, then the House should send a short-term funding measure so the new GOP majority can be sworn in and pass a funding bill with the needed language.  Congress has no higher duty than to protect the American people and our Constitution.  The President’s action is a threat to every working person in this country—their jobs, wages, dreams, hopes and futures.  For years, the American people have begged and pleaded for a lawful system of immigration that serves the nation and makes us proud—but the politicians have refused, refused, refused.  It is time to stand strong for the American people.  It is time to champion the interests of those constantly neglected on the question of immigration: the men and women and children we represent—the citizens of this country to whom we owe our ultimate allegiance.  Every American must ask their Senator where they stand.”
As our nation has continued to discuss how to best address the significant issues with our immigration system, time and time again, President Obama has made it clear that he did not have the authority to act unilaterally.  Unfortunately, he has now decided that politics trump that fact.   This short-sighted view and these ill-advised actions will unfortunately have a host of unintended, negative consequences on an already strained immigration system. Attempting to justify his actions by harkening back to the 1986 immigration reform package is flat wrong – and ignores the fact that almost 30 years after 1986 our immigration system is more broken than ever.   While the President has decided once again that separation of powers only matters when it is beneficial to him, I sincerely hope he will reconsider these actions as we continue to look for solutions. The process must begin with securing our borders and fixing our legal immigration system, and I stand ready to work on those issues anytime.   America is both a compassionate nation and a nation of laws, and to keep that balance the White House must work with Congress, not, as the old phrase goes, take their ball and go home. Together, we can address the current issues with targeted, responsible efforts that secure the border, enforce existing U.S. laws, and create a workable, efficient system for future immigrants.
The #Veterans of Foreign Wars (#VFW) is a Congressionally chartered group that helps veterans and their families. It has been in operation for more than a century since being founded in Pittsburgh.  Over the last many decades, the VFW has worked with honorably discharged men and women who served in war zones. But believe it or not, the charter still specified that the VFW was an organization of men. Pennsylvania was at the forefront of women’s involvement in the VFW. Ruth A. Fairchild of New Castle was the first female veteran, and first veteran of the Desert Storm era, to serve as State Commander of the Pennsylvania Department of Veterans of Foreign Wars.  In September, the leadership of the VFW asked me to try to fix the charter. I cosponsored legislation to amend the group’s charter to include women veterans. I am happy to report that legislation passed the #Senate this week and the word "men" was replaced with "veterans" and the word "widows" replaced with "surviving spouses." It is a small but significant change. Women have been an important part of our national defense since the Revolution. I appreciate that the VFW wanted it’s organizational document to reflect this reality.
I strongly oppose the President’s latest overreach of his legal authority and his decision to dictate sweeping immigration policy changes without legislation. America’s immigration system is badly broken and cries out for reform, including stronger border security and adequate opportunities for legal immigration. Regrettably, President Barack Obama’s unilateral and legally unauthorized actions will do nothing to fix our broken system, and could encourage even more illegal immigration.
Watch my interview with David Muir on ABC News to get my reaction to the President's amnesty order.
On November 4, the American people voted for a change in Washington. President Obama has an obligation to honor their decision, not take matters into his own hands because he disliked the result.  This amnesty order undermines the rule of law and threatens our system of checks and balances. The President and his liberal allies in Washington have convinced themselves that we have an imminent deportation crisis. The reality is that we have a border security crisis.  No president has the authority to act unilaterally in this manner – something that the courts will surely determine. In the coming months, the new Republican Congress will look to use the power of the purse and the judicial system to rein in this executive overreach.
