The Congressional Budget Office’s Long-Term Budget Outlook released yesterday reinforces that entitlement spending is driving our nation’s debt to unsustainable levels. Senators Alexander and Corker introduced the Fiscal Sustainability Act, S. 11, in February to reduce the growth of entitlement spending nearly $1 trillion in the next decade. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you want Congress to pass a bill that doesn’t leave young Americans footing the bill for runaway entitlement spending. http://1.usa.gov/1eqkXNn
“Constitution Week provides a good opportunity to put the teaching of American history and civics back in its rightful place in our schools so our children can grow up learning what it means to be an American.” –Sen. Alexander
NA
Every working parent knows access to child care is vital but it can be difficult to find safe, affordable care. The bipartisan Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG) Act of 2013 is one way to ensure parents have access to quality care for their children.   Read more about CCDBG by clicking below.
We wrote about the health challenges confronting our soldiers and veterans and what Washington has done and needs to do. Read our piece published in The Hill.
I'll be on Fox News with Bill Hemmer at 10:30 am (ET) 8:30 am (MT) to talk about Syria.
It’s ironic that the president gave a speech this week touting his economic policies when companies across the country are cutting jobs due to his administration’s unreasonable rules and regulations. The closure of the Tanners Creek power plant is another unfortunate casualty of the administration’s inflexible regulatory machine. This power plant has provided Hoosiers with good jobs and some of the most affordable, reliable electricity in the nation.
NA
PHOTO: My Washington, D.C., office has welcomed a new group of interns. It was great to visit with them last week.
I have repeatedly requested specific information from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) regarding its data collection on consumers’ financial transactions, with no success.  Last week, the CFPB appeared before the U.S. House Financial Services Committee to deliver a semi-annual report to Congress. My colleague Congressman Sean Duffy (R-Wisconsin) raised the data collection issue, calling for more transparency and accountability at the agency. I will continue to monitor this issue to ensure Idahoans’ privacy is properly safeguarded.
My staff took part in the Twin Falls Chamber Annual #Ag Tour to learn more about the issues concerning the bean industry in the Magic Valley. #idpol
Happy 66th Birthday, USAF! Great to meet 3 of “Outstanding Airmen of the Year”:
Cornyn: No Special Deals for Anyone on Obamacare:
Cornyn: "Until we can repeal & replace [Obamacare], everyone ought to be treated exactly the same. No special deals."
Fox News: "When it comes to a government shutdown, it may depend on who is holding the ball at the end," said Rep. Steve Southerland, R-Fla.
Reuters: U.S. lawmakers ask Holder to back probe into Russian helicopter program:
Great job by United States Senator Mike Lee making the case for #DefundObamacare with Sean Hannity.  Don't miss us both with Sean tonight on Fox News around 8 PM CT.
Congress should now form a joint select committee to investigate what happened in #Benghazi -- LIKE if you agree!
Celebrating 66 years of dominance in the skies. Happy birthday to the United States Air Force!
Found this on Twitter. Great to see the American people getting engaged in the fight to #DefundObamacare!
 
 SHARE if you're with us!
Today the Senate majority blocked Senator Ted Cruz’s, R-Texas, resolution to establish a joint select committee to investigate and report on the attack on the United States diplomatic facility and American personnel in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11, 2012.  I signed Sen. Cruz’s resolution. Mistakes were made in Benghazi that resulted in the loss of four American lives, including one of our ambassadors. We owe it to those in harm’s way, we owe it to the American people, to find out what really happened and why the Administration has stonewalled any attempts at transparency.
It’s official. President Obama signed my bill to transfer federal land from BLM control to the Powell Recreation District, which has managed the land for years.
Yesterday I spoke on the floor of the Senate about the importance of my bill with Senator Vitter that would require members of Congress, the president, vice president, and all political appointees to get their health insurance through the Obamacare exchanges without taxpayer funded subsidies. While we fight to repeal, defund, and dismantle Obamacare, those responsible for passing and implementing this train wreck of a law should have to live under it, just like the American people. No exemptions, no exceptions. Click the link to learn more.
My staff is holding office hours tomorrow (September 19) in Cochise County. Information about times and locations is below, and appointments aren't necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or just want to get a message to me.  Benson 10:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. Southeast Arizona Economic Development Group 168 E. 4th St.  Bisbee 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. Bisbee City Hall, in the mayor’s office 118 Arizona St.  Douglas 4:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. Douglas Public Library 560 E. 10th St.
This morning, I spoke at the EPW Committee on how environmental regulations are slowing down infrastructure construction in Nebraska. We must ensure that the limited funding for these projects is not wasted on needless paperwork.
Check out this uplifting story right in our own backyard.  These two young men are teaching life lessons which go way beyond the football field.  Keep up the great work David and Brad!
Congratulations to BMW Group on producing 2.5 million BMWs in South Carolina over the past 20 years.  Vehicle number 2,500,000 was this Mineral White Metallic BMW X5.
NA
Like this post and share it with your friends if you think President Barack Obama should be beholden to his flagship legislation that is #Obamacare. #NoExemption WATCH: http://bit.ly/18zI5Ra
Had good conversation this morning with UND student Hannah Bahnmiller who is visiting Washington, D.C. to highlight a service project she is working on to promote educational opportunities and combat illiteracy.
Today, I congratulate the US Air Force on the 66th anniversary of its separation from the US Army in what became the creation of the greatest aerial warfare force in the world. Thank you to the men and women who continue to carry out the mission daily and their friends and family members who support them. Aim High, Fly-Fight-Win.
Forging an Unlikely Friendship
Check out behind the scenes videos & pictures from my interview with People Magazine.
 
 http://bit.ly/kirk-jackson
 
 Learn how Jackson helped me #NeverGiveUp.
Great news that Nasrin Sotoudeh is finally free and reunited with her family. We should recognize this is a cynical decision to help Iranian President Hassan Rouhani's image ahead of his United Nations visit. We must keep up the pressure until Iran releases all remaining political prisoners, including Baha'i leaders. 
 
 http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=864
Jackson truly inspired me to #NeverGiveUp. 
 
 Read the story here: http://www.politico.com/story/2013/09/mark-kirk-nets-young-pen-pal-in-recovery-96996.html?hp=l9
There is no group of Americans I hold in higher regard than our veterans, and it was a privilege to visit with Korean War Veteran Richard “Dick” Stoops today who traveled to Washington, D.C. on an Honor Flight. I first met Dick at my Town Hall meeting in Liberal last month, and it was an honor to see him again today.
On behalf of grateful Alaskans and Americans, Happy 66th Birthday to the U.S. Air Force!  This picture is from Eielson Air Force Base this morning, where they got their first snowfall of the season.  I know our airmen up there are ready for anything and this picture proves it!
We Alaskans know our seafood is the best in the world, so why would the U.S. government allow a foreign non-governmental group to tell us it’s not sustainable when it’s globally known to be so?  My new bill would bar any US federal agency from requiring or endorsing the use of any third party non-governmental organization’s criteria to certify fish or seafood as sustainable.  I believe it’s the right policy to ensure that hard working fishermen and the coastal communities that depend on them are not disadvantaged by the agenda of a few misguided NGOs.
This year's Alaska Permanent Fund Dividend check amount is: $900.  How will you spend yours, Alaska?
The federal government left behind major contamination in the NPR-A in the form of Legacy Wells and on the land it gave our Alaska Native people under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act.  Now, groups like the Alaska Native CEO Association is trying to get it cleaned up.  When we met this morning, we talked about the best way forward.  What do you think?  How do we get the feds to clean up their mess?
Heritage Foundation visited NYC to ask people about Obamacare. The general consensus was #DefundIt. Watch, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_21P9cpvBgI&feature=youtu.be
Vogue Magazine reveals my secret-weapon in the October issue.  Click here to read: "Could Republican Senator Rand Paul Win the White House?" http://www.vogue.com/magazine/article/republican-senator-rand-paul-for-president/?mbid=October2013_20130918_12038054#1
Mandatory Minimum Sentencing has done little to address the problem of drug abuse, while also doing great damage by destroying so many lives. I believe the time has come to start reevaluating the effectiveness of Mandatory Minimums.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=964
Great meeting today with the Overland Park Chamber of Commerce.
It was a honor to join my colleagues Senator Ted Cruz and Senator John Cornyn to call for a joint select committee to investigate the terrorist attacks on the American consulate in Benghazi that resulted in the deaths of four Americans.  It is inexcusable we have seen a full year go by with not so much as a single arrest after this terrorist attack.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkW0UEFetug&feature=youtu.be
Happy 66th Birthday United States Air Force! Florida is the proud home of Eglin AFB, Hurlburt AFB, Tyndall AFB, MacDill AFB, Patrick AFB and Homestead Air Reserve Base. Thank you to all the Airmen and their families, serving in Florida and around the world, for all that they do.
NA
Senator Rubio Comments On House Plan To Defund ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/18bIxqR
Constitution Day  By Senator Marco Rubio   Today, we celebrate one of the most significant documents in the history of mankind: The United States Constitution. As we mark the 226th anniversary of its signing, let us take time to celebrate the unique way of life it has provided and rededicate ourselves to realizing its profound vision.   More than two-and-a-quarter centuries ago, the Framers of the Constitution set in motion an experiment based on an idea that was simple yet radical at the time: that “We The People” should govern our own affairs.  The Framers also knew that if the government was limited, and citizens given the full freedom to utilize their God-given talents, the country could truly flourish and become a beacon of hope for the world.  History has proven their wisdom.  The document they signed gave birth to the greatest era of growth and prosperity in history and inspired movements for liberty the world over. As America has grown toward true freedom for all, the country has witnessed a flourishing of both human dignity and material well-being.   Yet today we find our Constitution in danger. Many officials elected to defend its core principles have instead called them into question and sought to weaken them. Whereas our Constitution smartly placed limits on government’s role in our society, some have attempted to expand its role in Americans’ lives in dangerous and unsustainable ways.  For too long, complacency and disregard have been allowed to erode the ideals that have been the bedrock of human advancement for over two centuries.   But our generation has the opportunity – and the responsibility – to recover the vision of our founders and preserve it for future generations. The United States Constitution is not an antiquated set of governing guidelines, but rather a timeless map toward freedom and prosperity. If we have the wisdom to follow it forward, I am confident it will lead us toward another exceptional American century.
Joined Governor Bobby Jindal and former Governor Jeb Bush this morning to talk about importance of school choice, and that DOJ should drop their lawsuit against Louisiana's efforts to give low-income kids a better opportunity.
Speaking to the  National Confectioners Association tonight about government sugar purchases. The U.S. Department of Agriculture bought approx. 1 billion lbs of it in 2013. This is major corporate welfare. America needs #sugarreform.
I am very disappointed that Senate Democrats just blocked my resolution with Senator Ted Cruz to get answers for the families of those killed in #Benghazi. We need a joint select committee now.
Happy 66th birthday to the United States Air Force. Aim high. Fly-Flight-Win!
Bucks County's Sesame Place theme park will be forced to cut hours for 1,300+ seasonal employees. #Obamacare?
This week marks the 5th anniversary of the collapse of Lehman Bros. In speeches this week, President Obama is touting economic gains, but the facts say otherwise.  Follow me on Twitter @SenatorWicker for more updates on the true state of our economy. #ObamaEconomy
Read my op-ed in today's Washington Times Special Report on  Aerospace, Defense, and Homeland Security: "Future of U.S. Leadership, Vitality of Aerospace Industry Hinge on Budget Solutions."   To view, click on the link below.
