NA
Happy New Year - hope you and your family have a healthy and happy 2014.
Hope 2014 is off to a good start for you. This week's column reviews 2013 in the Senate and looks at the road ahead.
Is this a bad joke? From Center for American Progress, courtesy of Playbook: "[A] large body of research shows that the idea of 'tax flight' is a myth. More progressive tax structures that tax the wealthy at higher rates do not appear to impact migration across states. In fact, high-income workers are the least responsive to changes in the distribution of taxation."
Welcome to Texas, Magpul Industries Corp.!
Attorneys General from across the United States urge the Obama Administration to stop its lawless actions on Obamacare. We highlighted some of them here: http://1.usa.gov/1buTAyn
Deadly serious consequences of this Administration's pattern of lawless behavior #FastandFurious
55 years of a failed communist dictatorship is enough. Let's hope the "subversive campaign" for freedom succeeds at last in 2014.
SHARE if you agree we need a #FullRepeal of Obamacare! http://herit.ag/1dqZwtF
The new year is a time for new beginnings and an opportunity to tackle our nation’s persistent problems. Check out my column this week previewing the Senate's first few months of 2014.
"actively engaged" loophole that is closed in HouseSenate FarmBills will save $172m every yr according to nonpartisan GAO Keep Grassley bill
How does 1farm need 16managers?Somebody has to b decisionMaker+labor=2 Taxpayers taken for$172m ride  SO keep Grassley amend in farm bill
I saw UNI men beat Bradley 80/46
As we begin this New Year, share your own 2013 highlights and watch my highlight video here.
This week I spoke with Wendell Goler on Fox News Channel about the Administration's refusal to provide straightforward answers to questions about the costs of implementing the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The President continues to change this flawed health care law when it’s politically expedient without any input from Congress, and without oversight of the taxpayer dollars being spent.    It is telling that the President now classifies his law as a “hardship” for many due to the cost increases it has triggered. The President’s decision to waive Obamacare rules for some while forcing others to purchase more expensive insurance products that they may not need or want is irrational. I am hopeful that President Obama will soon realize that we must work together in order to truly improve health care in our country – and it is becoming increasingly clear the Affordable Care Act is not the way to do it.
Tomorrow at 6 a.m. CT, I'm joining Kansas Ag Network's Greg Akagi to discuss the 2014 outlook for agriculture. I encourage you to tune in or listen live.
I’m glad that those 52 passengers were rescued from the ship in Antarctica today, but both this story and the Renda delivering oil to Nome through ice two years ago remind us the federal government really needs to step up when considering our Arctic region. Compared with the other Arctic nations, the United States is lagging behind — behind in our thinking, behind in our vision in mapping out an Arctic agenda. We lack basic infrastructure, and basic funding commitments to be prepared for the level of activity expected in the Arctic. This isn’t an Alaskan issue; it’s a national one. People in Iowa and New Hampshire need to view the U.S. as an Arctic nation. http://www.adn.com/2014/01/01/3254392/nations-jockey-for-arctic-position.html#storylink=cpy
A critical delay of yet another part of Obamacare, this ruling delays enforcement of provisions requiring religious groups provide insurance plans that cover birth control: http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/justice-delays-health-laws-birth-control-mandate/2013/12/31/587d4c02-7293-11e3-bc6b-712d770c3715_story.html?hpid=z3
