Senator Ayotte was in Bedford today to meet with workers at Vectronix/Optics 1, which designs and manufactures cutting-edge electro-optical and precision systems that help our service members perform their missions safely.
Today Senator Ayotte signed a petition and wrote to the FDA on behalf of McKenzie Lowe, a 12-year old girl from Hudson who is battling a rare and aggressive form of brain cancer. McKenzie's family is asking the FDA to approve compassionate use of an experimental treatment that could help her -- please show your support by signing the petition! 
Glad to be at Mall of NH this morning to help kick off the annual Toys for Tots drive.  You can drop off toys in the mall's Center Court beginning today through 12/16.
By failing to protect religious freedom, the Senate guaranteed that the courts would have to act. I'm pleased the Supreme Court has decided to hear this important case. The HHS mandate is an enormous government overreach and it violates Americans' constitutional rights. Employers should not be forced to choose between giving up their business for their faith or giving up their faith for their business.
Over the weekend, the Obama Administration and five other countries struck what is being hailed as a historic nuclear agreement with Iran. After a careful review of the agreement, I find the deal hard to support. Read why by following the link below.
Obamacare’s problems continue to mount. The majority party’s signature health care law faced yet another round of delays last week.  Most notable—the one month delay for the opening of enrollment for insurance beginning in 2015. This new delay means that many consumers may not see the premium prices for plans until after congressional elections in early November 2014. Click below to learn more about the delays.
Maine cranberries are a popular ingredient in many holiday recipes.  You might be interested in this information from the UMaine Cooperative Extension!  http://umaine.edu/food-health/food-preservation/how-to-videos/how-to-use-and-preserve-maine-cranberries/
Glad to join Toys for Tots and the Children's Advocacy Center of Tom Green County in kicking off their annual holiday toy drive for children who need our support this holiday season:
AAS: ACC to Trim Some Faculty Members’ Hours to Avoid Health Benefits.  "'The impact of this legislation is that the College will more closely comply with' its rule limiting adjunct faculty members to nine credits per fall or spring semester, they wrote. That’s a workload of three typical classes.  "In addition, they wrote, adjuncts will be limited to 28 hours a week through any combination of teaching and hourly employment. Some adjuncts supplement their teaching with such hourly work as tutoring."
The U.S. Energy Information Administration estimated in 2010 that fossil-fuel subsidies amounted to $4 billion a year; renewable sources received more than triple that figure, roughly $14 billion.
America the exceptional: According to Arthur Brooks the philanthropy monitor Giving USA estimates that U.S. nonprofits and houses of worship received an amazing $316 billion in 2012.
At events in Jackson yesterday, Senator Corker discussed his work to solve the big problems facing our country. He began the day at the Army Aviation Support National Guard Unit where he toured the facility and met with over 40 Army National Guard Technicians. Later, he met with business and community leaders at a lunchtime meeting of the Rotary Club of Jackson-Old Hickory and addressed an event co-hosted by the West Tennessee Home Builders Association and the Central West Tennessee Association of Realtors. Corker will continue his travels throughout Tennessee today with stops in Knoxville and Oak Ridge. Read more about yesterday’s events via The Jackson Sun | jacksonsun.com: http://bit.ly/If0Ggw.
Before even beginning negotiations with Iran, at the outset we should have insisted on the release of American political prisoners.
Glad the U.S. Supreme Court will review Obamacare’s contraception mandate. This illegal mandate tramples on religious freedom and should be struck down.
Yesterday I toured Blue Ox Product’s factory in Pender, NE. It was a good opportunity to learn about the company’s contributions to Nebraska’s economy and discuss some of the issues affecting its employees, including Obamacare.
Emmy and I were proud to help out at the Harrah's Reno Thanksgiving Outreach Dinner.  VIDEO: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KxXN03LbEQ
I applaud the Supreme Court's announcement today to review ObamaCare's mandate on employers to cover contraceptive and abortion inducing drugs. This mandate violates our Founding Fathers' belief that government is to protect the right of conscience. President Obama's law orders a new moral code on how we should value human rights; in this instance the right of the unborn, the most voiceless among us. Despite being faced with millions of dollars in fines by the federal government, David Green and his company Hobby Lobby have honorably challenged the government's ability to infringe on the religious liberty and right of conscience for every American. Our Supreme Court judges must weigh this case with the recognition it will be a pivotal decision for the future of religious freedom in our nation. http://newsok.com/u.s.-supreme-court-takes-hobby-lobby-case/article/3908673
If you are interested in volunteering to help families in Washington #Illinois, please call the AmeriCorps hotline at 309-698-5002.
Today I continued the Kansas Listening Tour with my 1001st Town Hall meeting in Garden City which was open to the public. It’s always enjoy visiting with the good folks in southwest Kansas and I appreciate everyone who took time out of their day to stop by. Attendees shared their thoughts and concerns about Obamacare, Amtrak, the Farm Bill and horse slaughter. Senate Democrats pursuing the nuclear option, frustration over gridlock in Washington, and the expansion of executive powers were also a focus. Thanks to the Garden City Lions Club for hosting the event and to the many members of the public who attended.
While in Wichita yesterday afternoon, I stopped by ABC Discount Superstore and had a chance to visit with Jim Brown and Wayne Chambers, chair of the Wichita Metro Chamber of Commerce. The conversation centered around the importance of creating a tax and regulatory environment that will allow businesses to succeed and hire employees. I also heard concerns about Obamacare. Thanks again to ABC Discount Superstore for being so welcoming.
This afternoon I had a great time visiting with students at Wichita East High School and speaking to members of Ms. McHenry's AP U.S. History class. I am a believer that what happens in classrooms is critical to the future of our state and country. My time at Wichita East was a great opportunity to learn about what matters to 17 and 18 year olds and visit with faculty members who work hard to create a bright future for their students. I enjoyed our conversations and wish the students continued success during their high school careers and beyond.
This is a tough job and I couldn’t do it without the help of my staff both in Alaska and Washington, DC.  Today, and every day, I am thankful for them and the job that we do together for all of Alaska.  What are you thankful for?  #AKThanks
We have more #AKThanks coming in from around our state: I just got this cute video from the 6th grade class at Redoubt Elementary School in Soldotna.  Way to go - being thankful for our educational opportunities!  What are you thankful for Alaska?  Share using #AKThanks
Six months of pushing, and finally… victory!  The federal government will no longer allow outside, international fee-based groups dictate whether or not Alaska’s fisheries are sustainable.  We are the only state in the nation to have the sustainability of our fish stocks written into our constitution and we are recognized as the pinnacle of quality seafood.  Moving forward, no 3rd party group will be permitted to influence what seafood gets to be served at our parks, schools or to our troops abroad.
Great to speak with the Kiwanis & Rotary Clubs of Lebanon at the Golden Lamb about creating an environment for job growth.
Sen. Sessions Joins Bipartisan Letter To Department Of Commerce regarding antidumping orders on foreign steel:
Today I joined colleagues in asking the Supreme Court to respect the system of checks and balances established by our founding fathers, and to echo what we have already heard from three federal appeals courts—President Obama's flouting of the requirement for Senate advice and consent in the installation of his political allies to the NLRB was unconstitutional and must be reversed.      Read the amicus brief here:  http://www.mcconnell.senate.gov/public/?a=Files.Serve&File_id=9f06b1d7-b67a-4c71-a594-ffc1ae41a117
Was glad to have the opportunity to spend dinner yesterday with the kids at the Nancy K. Perry Children's Shelter in Lexington County.   http://www.thestate.com/2013/11/25/3122167/buzz-tim-scott-serving-dinner.html
Washington Post ed board is dead-on:
More than 400 years ago, the Pilgrims set course for the New World in search of religious liberty. This Thanksgiving season, Americans should recognize the importance of defending religious freedom from encroachment both at home and abroad.   As we gather with family and friends this holiday season, let us give thanks to God for the blessings he has bestowed on our lives.  From my family to yours, have a happy and safe Thanksgiving.
Wicker Report | A couple in Long Beach who own a small business and have offered their employees the same private insurance plan for more than 20 years say they will suffer a 33 percent increase in premiums on December 1.  The company’s insurer specifically pointed to the health-care law’s mandated coverage, fees, and taxes for the increased premiums.  The group plan will cost the small business an extra $1,500 a month, or $18,000 annually.   Click the link below to read more stories from Mississippians who are being impacted by Obamacare.
