Today at Tennessee Wesleyan College, Sen. Alexander spoke to the Athens Kiwanis Club about job growth and the importance of local decision-making.
LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that the Obama administration should abandon its proposed carbon emission rule on new coal plants.  Yesterday Alexander joined Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell’s effort to block the EPA’s proposed rule to enforce strict pollution standards on new coal plants, saying: “The Obama administration must think our country, which uses 20 to 25 percent of all the electricity in the world, can operate on windmills. For most power plants there is no proven, commercially viable way to capture and store or reuse carbon emissions. This regulation will only drive up prices, drive down job growth, and effectively ban new coal plants in this country. If the administration is serious about clean, reliable, inexpensive electricity, it should abandon this regulation.”  http://1.usa.gov/Km8tti 
I think you should know when your tax dollars are spent on advertising for ObamaCare or other government programs. Watch my discussion with Neil Cavuto on Fox News about the Taxpayer Transparency Act and share your thoughts below.
I voted against the budget agreement because it forces our military retirees to bear the burden of cuts through a reduction of their cost-of-living-adjustment (COLA). The agreement decreases the COLA for retired servicemembers under the age of 62.  The Senate took a step at correcting this injustice with the  omnibus that reversed the COLA cuts for medically retired disabled veterans and those collecting survivor annuities. We need to finish the job. 
In Indiana we just completed an ambitious seven year, bipartisan plan that significantly improved and expanded Indiana’s highway infrastructure without adding debt or increasing taxes. I’ve tried to bring the Hoosier model to Washington because I believe it is a terrific example of what can happen when we can come together in a bipartisan way with innovative proposals.  I am supporting a bipartisan bill that would jumpstart our nation’s capability to build and repair roads, bridges, highways, ports, schools, and other infrastructure projects. Without spending overstretched federal dollars, the Partnership to Build America Act will help put people back to work building projects across the country, while helping to improve American competitiveness in today’s global economy.   The legislation would establish a $50 billion infrastructure fund that could potentially support hundreds of billions in loan guarantees and financing authority for state and local governments. The fund would finance transportation, energy, communications, water and education infrastructure projects across the country.  The bill encourages American companies to purchase these bonds by allowing them to exclude a certain portion of their overseas earnings from taxation. The amount that they are permitted to repatriate for each dollar of bond purchases will be determined by a competitive auction.  The American Infrastructure Fund created through the Partnership to Build America Act will help finance top priority infrastructure projects across the country. The fund will make guarantees or low-cost loans to state or local governments, nonprofits, private parties and public-private partnerships to finance infrastructure projects that state and local governments prioritize.  I believe this bipartisan legislation brings a creative solution to the challenge of maintaining and expanding our nation’s crumbling infrastructure. The bill is supported by numerous groups, including the American Business Conference, the American Planning Association, the Associated General Contractors of America, CEMEX, CH2M Hill, the American Society of Civil Engineers and the U.S. Conference of Mayors.
Last night, the Senate voted 72-26 to pass the $1.1 trillion omnibus appropriations bill, which cleared the House a little more than 24 hours earlier.  Idaho Senator Jim Risch and I opposed the spending package.  The U.S. federal debt is well over $17 trillion dollars, a staggering $55,000 per person.  The federal government has been fiscally irresponsible for far too long and unfortunately, this bill continues this practice.  For the people of Idaho, that means an expiration of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes program, or PILT.  Idaho’s rural communities will be severely impacted without these funds, and I am committed to working with Senator Risch and others to rectify this omission of PILT.
This morning, I participated in a Senate Environment and Public Works Committee hearing entitled, “Review of the President’s Climate Action Plan.”  President Obama announced his Climate Action Plan last summer which, according to the administration, aims to cut emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases, and strives to encourage adaptation to expected climate change.  While I agree on the need for continued research in the field of climate science to gain the necessary knowledge needed to implement effective policies dealing with the globe’s changing temperatures, I find the recent climate change proposals issued by President Obama to be flawed.  The plan will have severe economic consequences without measurable environmental benefits if fully implemented.  Further, they outlined proposals would undermine the utilization of our own traditional, affordable sources of energy and increase the cost of electricity for consumers.  Watch my full opening statement, by clicking the video below. 
American Legion supports effort by Senators Collins and Dean Heller (R-NV) to repeal unfair reduction in annual cost-of-living increase for current military retirees under age 62.  Read the American Legion letter here: http://1.usa.gov/1dCXkzH
Over the course of the last 20 years, America has benefited from the wisdom and common sense of Tom Coburn's service in the United States Capitol. Tom has been a fearless leader against wasteful spending in Washington. With dignity and purpose, he educates our nation on the fiscal threat in which we live and works tirelessly to correct it. For this and many more reasons, I will be eternally grateful for his service.  As a testament to his strength and character, Tom will serve through 2014. Sandy and I look forward to another year with Tom and Carolyn and wish them peace in 2015 with their children and grandchildren.
On this “Throwback Thursday,” Senator Corker wishes former University of Tennessee and current Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning good luck this weekend in the AFC Championship. In this 2007 photo, Corker meets with Manning in his Washington, D.C. office. To follow the senator on Instagram, visit http://instagram.com/senbobcorker. #TBT
Senator Corker today voted against final passage of a $1.012 trillion discretionary spending bill:  “I cannot support a funding bill that violates the only real progress we have made in getting our fiscal house in order over the past several years. Instead of building on the gains we made in 2011, limiting discretionary spending, I’m very disappointed the Executive Branch and Congress continue to push for higher spending levels, like those contained in this bill, without enacting meaningful changes to mandatory programs that our country so desperately needs,” said Corker.
We need to see the details, but it's an excellent development that the President says he intends to end the government's bulk collection of phone metadata for millions of law-abiding Americans. The federal government must respect the constitutional rights of every American. Our intelligence community is to be praised when it protects our security within the bounds of our Constitution, but I remain deeply concerned that even with our massive surveillance apparatus, we too often fail to connect the dots—and so fail to prevent—terrorist attacks from Fort Hood to Benghazi to Boston.   We would do better to focus our efforts squarely on those who are most likely to attack us and less on the activities of law-abiding Americans. We must always be vigilant to protect our nation’s security, and we should not limit those efforts simply because we have greater intelligence capabilities than other countries.
Enjoyed joining the Fort Worth Chamber today to discuss how we stop Obamacare's very real harms that are hammering small businesses and stifling job creation.
Income inequality is increasing and what have the Senate Majority Leader and Senate Democrats done to protect Americans from Obamacare?   The answer is simple. Nothing.
Yet another reason not to send US tax dollars to UNESCO: Under pressure from Arab nations, exhibition delayed for being too pro-Israel.
I'm concerned that the sweep of the NSA's surveillance has been far too broad with respect to law-abiding citizens.
I voted against the $1.1 trillion all-inclusive spending bill that the Senate passed today. We have to take a stand on spending, even when it’s not convenient. The good in this bill can’t outweigh the bad when overspending is bankrupting our country. Congress is supposed to start work on spending bills every spring and finish by October 1. That timetable is in place so we can look into all the spending the federal government does and cut the things that we shouldn’t or don’t need to be doing. But we haven’t gone through this process at all in recent years. It’s no coincidence that our national debt has nearly doubled in the last five years.
EPA’s anti-coal agenda will cost Nebraskans jobs and raise our energy bills. Nearly two-thirds of our state’s energy comes from coal-fired power plants. I've joined my colleagues in the Senate to send a message to President Obama that this costly regulatory regime hurts our economy and middle class families.
All Americans have been blessed by the leadership of Senator Tom Coburn, a truly principled public servant. Speaking hard truths and serving as the Senate’s spending conscience, Tom has been a straightforward and honest voice of fiscal conservatism in Washington. Bruce and I wish Tom and Carolyn good health and every happiness as he moves on from the Senate at the end of the year.
Senator Grassley says that bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority legislation requires strict transparency and reporting requirements, including consultations with Congress and beefed up congressional oversight during trade negotiations, and that TPA tells our trading partners that America means business and leads to new markets for U.S. exports.
I welcome the news today that President  Barack Obama will move to end the telephone bulk collection data as it exists. This program is a form of government overreach that I believe crossed the line from protecting Americans to violating our Fourth Amendment rights. Several lawmakers shared these same concerns, which is why we joined together to introduce the USA Freedom Act last fall to end this program once and for all. Just as President Obama said today, the President and Congress must work closely together in order to strike the correct balance that allows our intelligence community to keep our nation safe without undertaking massive privacy intrusions.  Today’s speech is also the start of a new debate. Significant policy questions remain, including who should house this data. I have concerns that requiring private companies to shoulder the burden for the NSA could simply shift privacy intrusions from the federal government to private companies. Further discussions are needed in order to achieve a workable solution that protects Americans’ Fourth Amendment rights. http://1.usa.gov/1addmBy  You can read more about my perspective on the NSA’s surveillance programs in my Las Vegas Review-Journal op-ed here: http://bit.ly/LqwT6j
A resolution passed in the U.S. Senate makes our support for the championship winning Bison a matter of historical record.  Go Bison!  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=01c65d92-bb61-4a86-ae04-638c313546a7
“Today, we met with regulators, railroad industry and oil industry leaders to address moving crude oil by rail as safely as possible. The goal is to minimize the risk of derailments and prevent fires or explosions if a derailment occurs. The approach needs to be comprehensive and collaborative, and all three groups need to be part of the solution.”  
Yesterday I voted against the omnibus spending bill. The bill siphons hundreds of millions of dollars from essential defense accounts to programs that have nothing to do with the national security of the United States, including  programs to further President Obama’s domestic green energy agenda. It’s time Congress remembers its Constitutional responsibility to provide for the nation’s common defense rather than use it as a piggy bank to fuel its out-of-control domestic spending. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-opposes-omnibus-appropriations-bill
I was honored to help recruit Tom Coburn in 1993 to run for the House of Representatives. I knew then that he was an intellectual and superb medical doctor. As we worked together, I came to learn he also had the skills that made him arguably the most sought after advisor in the Republican conference. In every policy decision, Tom has sought to be a faithful steward of the taxpayers' money and a dedicated public servant to Oklahoma. He is a true brother in the Lord and my prayers are with him and his family in this time.   http://newsok.com/sen.-tom-coburn-to-resign-early/article/3924682
January is human sex trafficking awareness month. Today I met with Cindy McCain to discuss efforts to end the scourge of traffickers exploiting kids. Looking forward to working with her on this issue. http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=937
100,000 people signed the petition to reform #ECPA and require the government to get a warrant to read your email even if the email is older than 180 days.  The White House still hasn't responded.  They did respond to the Jimmy Kimmel Live petition though.  https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/response/what-we-have-say-about-jimmy-kimmel
Privacy isn't something we give up to have security. Privacy is a form of security. #NSA
I kicked off my tele-townhall on Wednesday by discussing the problems with the omnibus spending bill.  I voted against this bill last night.
It’s great to see the undefeated Wichita State Men's Basketball Team ranked 5th in the national AP poll this week. I look forward to seeing them continue their streak tomorrow when they take on the Indiana State Sycamores at the Roundhouse. #WatchUs #GoShox 
Nearly twenty years ago, my friend Tom Coburn felt called to leave his life as a private citizen in selfless service to the people of Oklahoma. Dr. Coburn brought refreshing honesty, decency and determination with him to Washington. Every Senator, regardless of party, has found themselves inspired by Dr. Coburn's principled leadership and tireless efforts on behalf of hard working taxpayers in Oklahoma and across the country.   I am blessed to call Tom one of my closest friends, and I am grateful for the counsel he has offered me over the years – from difficult decisions in the Senate to our weekly Bible Study. His spirit of courage and common sense builds upon our founding fathers’ vision for America. Tom has set a strong example of what it truly means to make the tough choices necessary today, so that tomorrow – and every day thereafter – our children and grandchildren can live in an America that provides them the opportunity to dream big and pursue those dreams.  I know I speak for my colleagues and all Oklahomans when I say we are grateful for Tom Coburn. He continues to embody Oklahoma’s motto, ‘Labor conquers all things,’ and we are fortunate to have one more year with his fearless voice in the Senate. When he retires in 2015, Tom will truly be missed, but we take heart knowing that our loss is his family's gain.
President Obama today told Americans he ‘takes our privacy rights into account’ with the N.S.A.’s overly broad surveillance policies.  That’s clearly not enough.  Alaskans deserve privacy protection, not mere consideration. It is up to Congress to make the necessary reforms, like those in the USA Freedom Act that I co-sponsored. I have long been wary of the Patriot Act, and this administration has clearly overstepped its bounds.
We all know that Alaska salmon is very healthy and incredibly delicious. I convinced the USDA to purchase Alaskan canned pink salmon for Food Banks across the country.
Ben Grossmann, Born in Delta Junction and a UAF alum, was nominated for his second Oscar! Alaska will be cheering you on this March!  
The federal government told Shishmaref they don't have funds to help them deal with coastal erosion, but last month the administration pledged $17M to Vietnam to help them address it.  Today I recommended the White House put America first dealing with this issue.
I am committed to fully restoring vets benefits cost of living adjustments - so 7 of my Republican colleagues and I introduced a bill today to fully restore those while extending long-term unemployment benefits for 3 months. This proposal incorporates something the President asked for, uses funding sources proposed by Democrats and keeps our promise to our veterans without adding a dime to the deficit.
Joined Rep. Joyce Beatty and State Rep. Teresa Fedor in Columbus today to talk about child sex trafficking and my new legislation to help find missing kids.
With the 121st Air Refueling Wing at Rickenbacker Air National Guard Base in Columbus today. Great to see Ohio Air Guardsmen doing such critical work.
Paul Revere rode through the streets warning that the British were coming...NOT that the Americans were coming.  WATCH: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvt2W8GCTD4  
In case you missed it: here's the cliff notes version of President Obama's NSA reforms.
"If you like your privacy you can keep it..." http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1077
I'm currently watching President Obama's #NSA address. Tune in to CNN immediately following his speech to hear my reaction.
In case you missed it: Last night, I joined Fox's Greta Van Susteren to discuss President Obama's appalling Executive overreach, the NSA surveillance program and SnapChat.  WATCH: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZCW2QkxRSQ
NA
Next week, Senator Rubio will visit Japan, the Philippines and South Korea: http://1.usa.gov/1dClz12
Senator Rubio Celebrates Naval Air Station Pensacola’s Centennial In Senate Floor Speech:   Rubio: "So as the centennial celebrations get underway this weekend, I wanted to join our state and entire nation in celebrating 100 years of military excellence at NAS Pensacola. We truly give thanks to all the brave men and women who have made this military installation a crown jewel of our national defense and contributed to America’s exceptional history."
Senator Rubio: The Right to Carry a Concealed Weapon Should Cross State Lines: http://1.usa.gov/1atJ0bt
Senator Rubio Votes Against Omnibus Spending Deal:   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement after voting against the “omnibus” spending bill detailing $1.1 trillion in government spending over the next year:   “For Americans to achieve their dreams of a better life for themselves and their children, we need an economy that’s creating more middle class jobs and a government with less debt.    “This omnibus spending deal does a great job of letting Washington grow bigger, more in debt and more dysfunctional for another year, but it’s a terrible way to make the American Dream a reality for more Americans. It allows Washington to keep spending more money than it takes in, does nothing to encourage broad-based economic growth, nothing to save our retirement programs, and actually places more financial burdens on working class Americans.   “We should be having more routine, robust debates on the worthiness and appropriate funding level for individual programs, but this spending bill just lumps everything in and gives the American people an all-or-nothing choice — and that is unacceptable.” 
Sen. Sessions released the following statement after news reports on House leaders' effort to draft ‘immigration principles’ for the GOP:  “President Obama and Senate Democrats have uniformly embraced an immigration plan that would devastate wages and working conditions for millions of struggling Americans to benefit a small cadre of lobbyists and CEOs. The proposal they created doubles the flow of immigrant workers, adds another 30 million new permanent residents to compete for every job, and guarantees illegal immigration will continue permanently in the future. House Republican leaders must dismiss the whispers of the consultant class, the pleadings of the business lobby, and the pressure campaign from the activists who believe illegal immigration is a civil right. It would be tragic if the Leader's immigration principles were simply a ‘piecemeal’ repackaging of the Senate plan.  Instead, the GOP must embrace the national interest: placing its first emphasis on helping millions of Americans transition from welfare and unemployment to work and rising wages. In so doing, the GOP will not only aid struggling workers from all backgrounds, but will recapture the trust and faith of millions of Americans who have turned away from the party. Such clear and convicted action would also expose the influence special interests groups have wielded over the White House and Senate Democrats from day one. The House now stands alone as the last line of defense for millions of working Americans that form the backbone of the nation.  A sound immigration plan will help both citizens and immigrants alike—reducing unemployment, promoting assimilation into the middle class, and ensuring the consistent and faithful application of the law upon which our national greatness depends.”
http://blog.al.com/breaking/2014/01/sen_jeff_sessions_vows_to_figh.html
I'll be going On the Record on Fox News at 7p tonight to talk #Obamacare and our #OpportunityAgenda, make sure to tune in!
Enjoyed talking with and taking questions from students at Benedict College in Columbia.
Great meeting with students and faculty at Allen University in Columbia this morning!
#HappyFriday Pennsylvania! Here's my weekly e-update. For inbox delivery, sign up at http://ow.ly/sHp30. Thanks for reading!
The U.S. is supposed to return Iraqi Jewish artifacts -- stolen by Saddam Hussein -- to Iraq. I disagree.
Happy 308th birthday today to Benjamin Franklin, who said, "A penny saved is a penny earned." Wish Congress would take it to heart!
Please read Campbell Brown’s important piece today in the Wall Street Journal about my bipartisan efforts with Rep. George Miller to protect kids from violent and sexual predators. http://on.wsj.com/1abjutS
