If you don't have an agenda, you become defined by crisis. It's been 1,364 days since the Democrats who control the Senate managed to pass a budget. The president and his party must work with Republicans to lay out specific, achievable solutions that will rein in reckless spending and help solve the problems facing our country today.
I'll be joining Sean Hannity tonight on FOX News at about 9:20 pm (ET) 7:20 pm (MT) to preview tomorrow’s Senate hearing on Libya with Secretary of State Clinton.
On the 40th anniversary of Roe v. Wade, let’s remember the millions of innocent lives lost
Continuing with the status quo, governing via crisis, and failing to address our spending problem must be unacceptable. My remarks on the Senate floor today.
News Release: The Violence Against Women Act is a bipartisan bill that reauthorizes legislation that has protected countless victims of domestic and relationship violence for over 20 years.  Today, I joined Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT) in reintroducing VAWA.  I will continue to work with all of my colleagues to get this bill passed through both chambers.
Op-Ed: Over the coming weeks, my weekly op-eds will focus on my priorities for the 113th Congress.  Addressing the debt crisis remains the most pressing issue our nation faces and my number one priority.  By significantly reducing our spending and reforming our complex, unfair and anti-competitive code, we can put this country on a fiscally responsible path.
Today we celebrated our republic with the presidential inauguration-- a truly unique tradition. We are so blessed to live in the United States of America.
Senator Collins was delighted to welcome Maine runner Gary Allen - marathon runner, race director, to Washington today!   "You have come such a long way, gone through so much, and for such great causes," she told him.
Here's a link to the CBS interview.
Tune in now to watch the CBS interview with Senators Collins, Klobuchar, and Heitkamp.  CBS This Morning on Channels 13 in Portland, 5 in Bangor, and 8 in Presque Isle.  It will be on in a moment.
Thanks to the House, it looks like Sen. Reid might take up a budget in the Senate this year after all
My prayers are w/ those who were injured in today's shooting, the entire Lone Star College community, & our first responders on the scene.
VIDEO: Cornyn: "We look forward to a vigorous debate over America's future"
1364 days since Senate Ds last brought a budget up for a vote
PHOTO: Great having Sen. Cruz at this morning's Texas Tuesday Coffee w/ me:
Sen. Cornyn on the 40th Anniversary of Roe v. Wade: “We’ve taken important steps in recent years to defend life, including passage of the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act and the Unborn Victims of Violence Act. I believe that all life should be treated with dignity and respect, and I am committed to doing all I can to protect innocent life. I am proud so many Texans join me in sharing this core belief.”
Senator Corker will be the lead Republican or “ranking member” of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee for the 113th Congress. Corker's appointment will be confirmed today during a lunch meeting of Senate Republicans and is expected to be ratified when the Senate passes a resolution officially organizing committees in the coming days.  As ranking member, Corker will work with the chairman to represent the interests of his Republican colleagues and help carry out the legislative and oversight responsibilities of the committee.  “I am honored to have the opportunity to lead the Foreign Relations Committee on behalf of the minority, and as we enter this new Congress, it is my goal to see the committee play a more relevant role in international relations and be a place where we look at our national interests in the context of the longer view,” said Corker. “I also look forward to working with the chairman and my colleagues on the committee to carefully review programs and practices at USAID and the State Department, which hasn’t been done in a comprehensive way in decades..." Read more. http://1.usa.gov/UQ9PO3
Tomorrow (Tuesday) on Fox News’ “America's Newsroom” at 9:10 a.m. ET (8:10 a.m. CT), Senator Corker will discuss Wednesday’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on the Benghazi terrorist attack that will feature testimony from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton
NA
Our deepest sympathies go out to the families and friends of the Texans killed in Algeria. In this time of great grief, please keep them in your thoughts and prayers.  Joint statement with Senator John Cornyn:
Great way to start your morning. Texas Tuesday Coffee with Senator John Cornyn and fellow Texans.
When talking about America’s finances, there are always a lot of numbers thrown around. The Congressional Budget Office put out a chart last year that helps simplify and breakdown how much America spends in relation to how much revenue it brings in.  As you can see from the chart, we have a spending problem.
On a big day for Democrats, Iowa leaders note its importance to all
Inauguration Day: Iowans enjoy a day of laughter, music, sense spirit of unity
Grassley embarks on annual tour
#mcindc go Mohawks  glad  to visit w HS students
As we address violence in our society, should remember what PresReagan said --diminishing life of unborn diminishes all life. #prolife.
Grassley hears concerns during town hall meeting
Senator Grassley will be on 600AM WMT with Ryan Schlader at 10:30 am CT. Listen at http://www.iheart.com/live/917/?autoplay=true
IRS Announces Tax Penalty Relief for Farmers
ICYMI: I discussed No Budget, No Pay on Fox & Friends this morning.
“The president has long-cited Nebraska’s concerns as a reason not to approve the project, but now that those concerns have been addressed, there is no reason to further delay a project that will create thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in economic activity for the United States. After more than four-and-a half-years and an exhaustive review process, it’s time to come together, Republicans and Democrats, and do what is clearly in our national interest.”
I am alarmed and disappointed in the Obama Administration’s decision to decline my request to delay delivery of F-16s to Egypt for further consideration. The original F-16 agreement was forged under a different Egyptian leadership two years ago.  The country’s new leadership has a history of abominable hostility towards our ally, Israel, and support of radical terrorists. Just in September, the President was saying we could no longer consider the Egyptian government an ally.  Why then is the Obama Administration knowingly providing them now with top-of-the-line military equipment? Once again, I call on the Administration to reconsider further F-16 deliveries until Egypt can establish a democratic parliament and ensure stability and peace for its people and the region. http://freebeacon.com/egypt-to-receive-f-16s/
An estimated 1 million people attended President Obama's second inauguration.  To put that into perspective, 1.2 million lives have been lost per year for the past 40 years since Roe v Wade.
All past efforts of Congress to limit spending have utterly failed. None of the existing restraints – the Budget Act, spending caps, the debt limit, the sequester – have gotten spending under control, and we have $16.4 trillion of debt to prove it.  Only a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution will permanently bind Congress and force both parties to live within the nation’s means.  Anything less will simply maintain our dysfunctional and unsustainable status quo.
On the 40th anniversary of Roe v. Wade, I welcome the thousands of Kansans and Americans who will be traveling to Washington this week for the annual March for Life on Friday. It is important to speak for those who cannot speak for themselves.
Two ranked Kansas teams — #3 Kansas and #11 K-State — are facing off tonight at the Sunflower Showdown in Manhattan. Only two other times since 1958 have both teams been ranked for a regular-season game.  Who are you rooting for?
I'll be on Fox News with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10pm EST to discuss the debt limit and my dollar-for-dollar plan to cut spending. Be sure to tune in!
Mark it down: All Star game in Cincinnati in 2015, finally everyone will see what we’ve always known, no better baseball city than Cincinnati
Senator Jon Tester and I just introduced legislation that will keep the government running & prevent haphazard, last-minute budget deals.  Despite repeated signs that Washington’s out-of-control spending threatens to bankrupt the country, Washington continues to be deadlocked about the budget debate.  Although Congress continually fails to pass appropriations bills by the October 1st deadline, Americans should not have the threat of a government shutdown hanging over their heads.  Our legislation ensures the federal government continues to provide the necessary services to its citizens while protecting against the panic and pressure of last-minute budget deals, allowing Congress to make the decisions necessary to get Washington’s fiscal house back in order.
Today, I introduced the Dollar-for-Dollar Deficit Reduction Act, a bill that will promote spending reform by preventing Congress from raising the debt limit unless that legislation also cuts commensurate spending over the next decade.   As we begin the latest in a string of battles over raising the debt limit, it’s time to address the underlying problem - unsustainable spending. Our economy has not exhibited the robust growth we all hope for, and continuing this pattern of soaring spending will only worsen matters by piling onto our record-high debt and dumping an unconscionable burden on future generations.  Washington cannot continue to raise the debt limit while kicking the can down the road on deficit reduction.  In order to spur job creation and get our economy back on the right track, we must restore fiscal responsibility, and this starts by stopping Washington’s reckless pattern of spending money we don’t have.  You can read more about my bill here: http://1.usa.gov/Wkl14a
40 years ago today, the Supreme Court's ruling on Roe v. Wade changed America forever. I'll continue to fight for life for all Americans, born & unborn.
MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator Marco Rubio To Speak On Middle Class Opportunity At U.S. Chamber of Commerce: http://1.usa.gov/VYo7hQ
Senator Marco Rubio Comments on the 40th Anniversary of Roe v. Wade: http://1.usa.gov/Vi6JWH
I'm interested in hearing your opinion. What do you think of term limits?
