My colleagues on the other side of the aisle face an important decision today. Senate Democrats can stand with the majority of Americans and vote to defund ObamaCare. Or they can stand with Majority Leader Harry Reid and President Obama and vote to restore federal funding for this flawed law. Join me in calling on Senate Democrats to work with Republicans to defund ObamaCare and replace it with common-sense health care solutions.
I voted today to advance the exact bill that a handful of my colleagues asked for. Filibustering such a bill is not only the height of hypocrisy, but also lays bare for the world the hollowness of this so-called strategy. Continuing resolution or not, Obamacare will get funded because it is largely made up of mandatory programs. A legislative strategy that takes into account neither the rules of the Senate nor the mechanics of the law you are seeking to dismantle is not much of a strategy, and making things up on the fly is not responsible governing.  Read the rest of my statement by clicking below.
Last night I took to the Senate floor to discuss #Obamacare.  Watch my remarks below.
I have been fighting against Obamacare for five years. I voted against Obamacare when I was in the House, have voted to defund and will be the first person in line to support a winning strategy to repeal and replace it. However, forcing a government shutdown over Obamacare is not the right strategy. It won’t end Obamacare, but it will impose pain on hardworking Arkansans. Read my entire release on today's votes by following the link below.
I voted for cloture on the House-passed bill because it defunds Obamacare and keeps the government operating. It defies logic to vote against a bill that accomplishes our objectives. While the Majority Leader stripped the language that defunds this problematic law, despite my vote against that motion, failure to have obtained cloture would have only resulted in a government shutdown. A government shutdown doesn’t repeal Obamacare. Instead, it hurts our military, our seniors and hardworking Arkansans who are dependent on vital government services.
I know there has been a lot of confusion over what’s been happening on the Senate floor this week. I know Hoosiers want a clear explanation. Please take a moment to watch my speech this morning.
Before the enactment of Obamacare, I was deeply concerned about the damage this legislation would inflict upon family incomes, jobs, and health care prices.  Since passage, I have been committed to delaying, defunding and repealing this damaging law. The U.S. House of Representatives did its job in passing a government funding bill that keeps the government open and gives Idaho families much-needed relief by defunding Obamacare, but I could not support the legislative maneuvers used by the Majority Leader that ensure funding for Obamacare continues. The health care law has shown itself increasingly unworkable and unpopular with the public by raising costs, reducing health care choices for consumers and damaging the economy.  While our efforts were not successful today, I will continue fighting to replace this law with workable, patient-centered, affordable health care legislation.  http://www.crapo.senate.gov/media/newsreleases/release_full.cfm?id=345823
I have opposed #Obamacare from the start. Soon, I will oppose cloture and vote to defund this mess of a law.
[Audio] Senator Cornyn Discusses Obamacare Vote:
VIDEO: Cornyn to Democrats: Do You Really Want to be Responsible for Killing More Jobs?
[VIDEO] Cornyn: I Will Vote To Defund Obamacare:
According to Congressional Research Service, here's what happens to Obamacare if cloture vote fails and govt shuts down: "It appears that substantial ACA implementation might continue during a lapse in annual appropriations that resulted in a temporary government shutdown for two reasons.  The first is that the federal government will be able to rely on sources of funding other than annual discretionary appropriations to support implementation activities, including multiple-year and no-year discretionary funds still available for obligation as well as mandatory funds.  The second reasons, which is covered in more detail in the answers to several of the other questions, is that agencies may continue to perform certain types of activities that fall under exceptions to the Antideficiency Act, which generally prohibits continued operations in the absence of appropriations."
Senator Corker answering calls from Tennesseans about his support for today’s vote to defund Obamacare. Thank you for sharing your views with our office!
Senator Corker today made the following statement regarding the U.N. Security Council’s resolution on Syria’s chemical weapons.  “While we all want a verifiable diplomatic solution to Syria’s chemical weapons, the lack of enforcement measures makes me highly skeptical of Russia’s willingness to impose real consequences on Syria for non-compliance.  As Syria is given a chance to fulfill its obligations, it’s important that we reinforce our broader national interests for stability in Syria and reassure our allies of U.S. resolve to counter other threats, especially from Iran,” said Corker. http://1.usa.gov/188gycN
To vote for cloture this afternoon would be to vote to allow Harry Reid to fund Obamacare. #DefundObamacare #MakeDCListen #DontBlink
Harry Reid and Senate Democrats will vote yes on cloture tomorrow. Would they do that if it were truly a vote to #DefundObamacare? #MakeDCListen
Talking about tomorrow's #DefundObamacare vote tonight on Hannity. Be sure to tune in! #MakeDCListen
I was one of 19 senators to vote against cloture on the continuing resolution, which would allow the Senate majority leader to strip out the defund Obamacare provision.
I voted “NO” today on cloture, and I voted “NO” on a funding bill that pays for ObamaCare AND ignores legally required spending caps. I could not support moving forward on Senator Reid’s plan to block all amendments EXCEPT for his own amendment to fully fund ObamaCare. I spoke yesterday on the floor about the law’s impact in Nebraska, and just this morning, we learned more news about Nebraskans’ skyrocketing premiums.
NA
Today, I proudly voted to Defund Obamacare, and I am proud that every Senate Republican has united in support of the House-passed Defund Obamacare provision.    I only wish that more Senate Democrats, many of whom were responsible for Obamacare’s passage into law, would have voted with us.  (NOTE: The amendment to remove the Defund Obamacare provision, which passed the House, was defeated by the Democrat-controlled Senate by a straight party-line vote of 44-54.)     With Democrats in control of the Senate, we needed Democrats to join with the American people who want Obamacare stopped in its tracks.  Based upon the Democrats unanimous votes in support of funding Obamacare, they must not have gotten the message.   I fought and voted against Obamacare in 2010. Since then, I have tried to stop the law's implementation any way I can:   * Supported ending the special exemption for Congress from Obamacare; * Supported ending the special exemption for President Obama from Obamacare; * Authored legislation to allow states to opt-out of Obamacare; * Cosponsored legislation to repeal Obamacare; * Cosponsored legislation to prohibit the funding of Obamacare; * Cosponsored legislation which defunds the IRS' implementation of Obamacare; * Cosponsored a bill to repeal the individual mandate in Obamacare; * Sent a letter with my Republican colleagues requesting the Obama Administration grant relief to all Americans by delaying implementation of Obamacare so Congress can adopt common-sense reforms;  and * Offered an amendment to defund implementation of the individual and employer mandates required under Obamacare.   Obamacare is, has been, and will remain a financial disaster for our nation.
Senator Grassley comments on his votes against procedural motions and the continuing resolution to fund the government.
If votes stay as is, I will vote to defund Obamacare by voting against cloture.
I, like all of my Republican colleagues in the Senate, am and have been against #ObamaCare. While some may disagree, I personally view this first vote as a vote whether or not to keep ObamaCare intact. I voted no. Like this post and share it with your friends if you agree it should be defunded.
“Earlier this year, I voted to repeal Obamacare, and today in an effort to stop its implementation, I voted to retain a provision in the continuing resolution before the U.S. Senate that defunds it. Despite Obamacare’s broad unpopularity with the American people, Harry Reid and a Democrat majority were able to strip out the defunding measure because not a single Democrat stood with Republicans to retain the defunding provision.   “The continuing resolution now goes to the House, where we will continue the effort to defund or delay Obamacare while passing a measure that prevents a shutdown and continues to fund government at the Budget Control Act level to address our deficit. In the House, there will be additional opportunities to add amendments that could strike onerous parts of the law, such as the medical device tax.   “Democrats need to join with us, in a bipartisan way, and the American people to repeal Obamacare and replace it with health care reform that empowers people to choose their own doctor and health insurance plan. We want measures like tort reform, health care savings accounts and more competition across state lines in the health insurance marketplace that will bring down the cost of health care and make it affordable for all.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=dae8e1fb-0c0d-4ebc-a9be-6bb465147476
Actions speak louder than words. The United States should remain clear eyed and maintain sanctions to prevent a nuclear #Iran.
  
 http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/09/20/iran-nuclear-deal-credit-should-go-to-kirk-and-menendez-not-obama.html
ICYMI check out my newsletter on my interview with NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams about my pen pal Jackson, #stroke recovery, and why #RehabWorks:
 
 http://1.usa.gov/18viGdF
ICYMI check out my newsletter about supporting farmers, keeping kids safe & honoring service members: 
 
 http://1.usa.gov/18viGdF
"The american people understand that they are the sovereigns in this country. They are not subjects. We, the people, are citizens. The government works for us even though it sometimes has started to feel like it's the other way around. All these things show what happens when the political elite, not we the people, pretend to be in control. This is not about any one person or even any one policy or any one political party. This is about this town and it's about the american people, what they deserve, what they demand, what they expect and what they have a right to, which is the right to live free of undue interference from their national government. This vote is not the end. It's not even the beginning of the end. This is simply the end of the beginning. Washington may appear to have the upper hand at this moment, but it's essential that we remember that the american people will always have the final word." #MakeDCListen
On my way to the Senate Floor with Senator Cruz to make the final case to #DefundObamacare #MakeDCListen
Senator Marco Rubio is exactly right:  "But certainly, the American people are more aware today than they were 24, 48 hours ago about why ObamaCare is so bad and the dangers of it.   “And now everyone here will have to vote and they’ll have to explain -- if they vote against defunding ObamaCare, when this thing goes through and it starts hurting people, like it already is, they’re going to have to explain to their constituents why they voted for this and why they keep funding it." #MakeDCListen
The short-term government funding bill passed by the Senate today is damaging to our country, our economy, and to the American people. The legislation ignores the constitutional responsibilities of Congress to pass a budget each year and set common-sense spending priorities through the appropriations process. Here we are, at the end of yet another fiscal year, and not one appropriations bill has been passed by the Senate. In fact, the last time all of the appropriations bills were passed individually before the September 30th deadline was in 1994. Nearly 20 years later, America faces a staggering $16.7 trillion national debt which is growing by almost $2 billion a day. I cannot support a short-term spending measure that simply enables Washington’s pattern of dysfunction to continue.  With implementation of Obamacare just days away, many Kansans have been focused on the specific provision within the House-passed CR to defund this misguided law which is jeopardizing health care for millions of Americans. Today I voted ‘no’ on cloture to prevent Majority Leader Reid from restoring funding for Obamacare. Now is the time to defund, dismantle and replace the Affordable Care Act. Unfortunately, Senate Democrats are not listening to Americans.  While the President and the law’s supporters promised Obamacare would lower health care costs and strengthen our health care system, the reality is such promises have been repeatedly broken. This law is increasing health insurance premiums for individuals and families, forcing Americans off of their current coverage, threatening the survival of hospitals and other providers in Kansas and across the country, and hindering economic growth through onerous new taxes and regulations. This law is causing real harm to real people. It is well past time for its supporters to admit their mistake. I will continue to work to defund and dismantle this disastrous law.
Today I will vote "no" on cloture in support of the effort to defund Obamacare.
This morning around 9 a.m. CT I'll be on 1350 KMAN with Cathy Dawes. I hope you'll tune in.
Today, I spoke on the Senate floor about the serious issues facing our country, including our out-of-control spending and the broken promises made about the Affordable Care Act. It's time to admit that the passage of Obamacare was a mistake. It's time to admit the bill is significantly flawed. It's time to admit that a one-size-solution does not fit all problems or all Americans.   Tomorrow I will vote to defund Obamacare. On the floor, I made an appeal to my colleagues on behalf of Kansans to give us the chance to set the record straight, to do it right, to begin again. I hope my colleagues will join me in working to change the misguided course we're on.
Every month I honor an Alaskan veteran through my Veteran Spotlight.  This month the spotlight is on Wasilla resident Tina Trosper.  Tina’s story is one of a new generation of American veterans.  She’s proudly served our country while also doing one of the toughest jobs at home: being a mom.  The work she does for Alaska’s service men and women today is vitally important, making sure they transition smoothly back home.  We owe it to veterans like Tina to honor them through sharing their stories, and we owe it to the rest of us to learn from the high levels of patriotism, commitment and service they demonstrate for us.  Watch her story here:
Today’s Washington Post piece reprinted in the Anchorage Daily News about the Denali Commission is a poor example of journalism.  Not only does the reporter not seem to fully understand Alaska’s daunting infrastructure challenges as we work to improve what would be considered third world conditions for too many of our people, he did not seem interested in learning or digging into these details.  Perhaps doing so would not have fit his narrative. He did not cite a word of my February letter asking the Government Accountability Office for a top to bottom review of the commission’s operations to make sure its operations were effective and efficient, because I do agree that there are problems that need to be resolved there for better performance. And despite being given contact information for rural Alaska leadership to provide context of their needs, he did not pick up the phone.  Like the Delta Commission or the Appalachian Commission, the critical mission of the Denali Commission will remain as long as rural Alaskans use honey buckets or live in fear of whether the fuel barge will arrive before Winter. Because I want every Alaskan to be aware of my conviction of its mission, I am posting my entire letter to the GAO here today.  Alaskans and Americans like to say ‘nation building begins at home.’ Bringing rural Alaska light, heat, medical care and simple infrastructure represents the front lines of that belief.
Alaskans are speaking loudly and clearly about what they don’t like in this bad health care law: the 2nd highest premiums in the nation for Alaskans, jobs lost, hours cut and the hit our economy will take. While we have an obligation to fund the government and keep it working, we also have an obligation to listen clearly to our constituents.  I share their concerns and therefore could not support the decision by the Democratic majority to fund this unworkable law.
These days unfortunately, there is a lot of gridlock in Congress --which is why I'm so pleased that the helium bill now heading to the President’s desk includes $50 million to clean up legacy wells in Alaska.  These wells were drilled by the federal government decades ago, then left unattended, unplugged and seeping into our soil.  This is nothing short of an environmental crime against Alaska – and we’d never stand for it if a private company were behind it, so why the double standard? Legacy wells are a federal responsibility that has been ignored for far too long.
Talked with Shannon Bream on Fox about my NO vote on cloture.
Voted NO on cloture on CR. Bill busts budget caps by $19 billion & doesn’t defund Obamacare. Must address out of control spending now.
Political leaders such as Mr. Obama and Mrs. Pelosi need to realize that they are not above the American people, and they are not above our laws, period.   If Chief Justice Roberts thinks it is OK for the federal government to tax individuals if they don’t buy expensive private health insurance plans, he should be forced into Obamacare’s government-centered health care system. Members of Congress should also be forced to suffer under the same flawed health care system that Washington wants to use as a social experiment on the American people.  Read my entire op-ed here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/sep/27/paul-suffering-the-sting-of-obamacare/
MUST-READ: Then and now. Why African Americans should defend privacy! http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/secret-cold-war-files-reveal-us-spied-on-muhammad-ali-and-martin-luther-king-jr-8842370.html
Don't you still feel left in the dark on ObamaCare? #DefundObamaCare
Rubio Opposes Short-Term Budget That Funds Job-Killing ObamaCare Program: http://1.usa.gov/1dO9OTD
ICYMI: Rubio Calls For Release Of Christian Pastor In Iran, Presses Regime On Human Rights Abuses
Rubio: It's About Shutting Down ObamaCare, Not The Government: http://1.usa.gov/19LVUxf   Rubio: “The truth is, this isn’t about shutting down the government. This is about shutting down ObamaCare. This is because it’s hurting people and it’s hurting the American dream. And you know, the argument we’ve made this week is that this law is so bad because it’s hurting people who are trying to make it.”
NA
NA
WATCH: On August 1, Senator Shelby spoke of the perils of ObamaCare on the Senate floor. Today, he continues to stand by his position that ObamaCare has failed to lower health costs, kills jobs, and will destroy the most advanced and innovative health care system on earth.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bt0TYbw0KQ
Sen. Sessions delivered the second speech in a series today detailing with hard stats the economic struggles facing working Americans. Here is an excerpt from the remarks:   “What we are seeing is immensely troubling: as Washington grows larger, wealthier, and more powerful, Americans workers are being impoverished, sidelined, and marginalized. The government class is being enriched at the expense of the middle class. From deficit spending to federal regulation to the immigration bill—Washington is pursuing policies that benefits lobbyists and the well-connected but that reduces wages and job opportunities for everyday workers in the private sector.”
Sen. Sessions just cast a ‘nay’ vote against cloture on the CR. Senators Sessions and Shelby can be seen in this C-SPAN image from the Senate floor talking with Senators Lee and Cruz during the vote.
Excerpt from Sen. Sessions' remarks on the Senate floor earlier today:   “We have to know that the Affordable Care Act is deeply unsound financially. The President’s promise, repeatedly made, that it would not add one dime to the debt… Is that true? No sir, it’s not true.  This is a hugely unsound new entitlement program that will endanger the financial future of America at a time when we need to quit digging ourselves deeper in debt and begin to work our way out of debt.”
Miss my e-newsletter this week?  Sign up here! http://www.scott.senate.gov/contact/newsletter
I just voted NO on #cloture. #DefundObamacare  Read my statement here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-washington-fails-again-responsible-budgeting
In case you missed it: I went on Fox News with Greta Van Susteren last night to discuss my NO vote on cloture,  defunding Obamacare, and our need to budget responsibly.  http://youtu.be/BeqKmC4b3yA
I hope Congress can avoid a shutdown. Just in case, I'm working to protect paychecks for our troops in the event of more deadlock.
All my Republican colleagues and I want to end #Obamacare completely. All the Democrats support #Obamacare and want it to continue. The Republicans control the House and have passed defunding legislation.  Democrats control the Senate and will not pass defunding legislation. Thus, we are at an impasse.    Yesterday, seeking to break this all-or-nothing standoff, I proposed a way to fund the government and to repeal some of the most egregious parts of this terrible law.  Acknowledging that Senator Reid has the votes to strip the bill of its #Obamacare defunding language, I sought to offer three modest amendments to the Senate bill. The first would repeal the medical devices tax that is costing Pennsylvania jobs; the second would provide relief from the infringement on religious liberty in Obamacare; the third would delay the individual mandate for one year.  Those three items all have bipartisan support, could have passed the Senate, and might well be acceptable to the House. But we will never know because the Democratic leadership would not permit me to offer those amendments. For this reason, and others, I voted against the measure.  I remain hopeful that Congress will avoid a government shutdown.  I will continue working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle and in both chambers of Congress to find a responsible solution.
In case you missed it, WILK Newsradio's Sue Henry and I discussed #Obamacare, the continuing resolution, and why I'm voting no on cloture:
Good morning.  Check out this interesting piece featured on LancasterOnline.com which details how Lancaster served as our nation's capital for one day on September 27, 1777.  http://goo.gl/qU41bD
