A grim reminder that the menace of anti-Semitism was not eliminated after WWII.
Families shouldn’t have to pay $1,200 more per year for electricity so President Obama and environmental activists can have political peace of mind. The EPA’s crackdown on coal is going to cost us all real money and in return we’ll get very little noticeable gain. Some of my Senate colleagues and I asked the EPA not to move forward in June as planned with its regulation of greenhouse gases from existing power plants.  
We have 300,000 veterans in Nevada. They deserve the best our nation can offer. 
If you have been to an #IL VA hospital, #ShareYourStory: vets@kirk.senate.gov.  Watch my interview with Fox Chicago News: 
This Memorial Day weekend, take a time out from barbeques or get togethers and spend a moment (or a few) remembering those who have died defending our freedoms -- and how fortunate we are as Americans.  Here is my message for Alaskans:
It was a privilege today to walk the Maidan and see firsthand the scenes of sacrifice and dedication for a better Ukraine.
Spoke with MSNBC live from Ukraine about the importance of the Ukrainian presidential elections tomorrow. http://youtu.be/clc8NSdT9-I   
An honor to meet with Prime Minister Yatsenyuk to discuss the importance of tomorrow's election.
Have you ever noticed a friend, neighbor or even a stranger wearing a small gold star pin? These pins are given to those who have lost loved ones who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. Americans, especially Kansans, are quick to thank men and women in uniform for their service. This Memorial Day, I will make a special effort to thank those who wear the gold stars among us -- a spouse, parent, child or sibling for their sacrifice too. To learn more about the gold star pins visit: www.goldstarpins.org
Rubio: Tratamiento de veteranos es vergonzoso 
Rubio Discusses VA Accountability with Veterans in Doral
ICYMI: Rubio: Hold VA To Account: http://bit.ly/RkA3KS  Rubio: "Over this Memorial Day holiday, I encourage people to let their senators know why action must be taken to hold people accountable for the mistreatment of our veterans. Current law obstructs this accountability by forbidding the firing of negligent and incompetent VA officials, which is why my legislation is so important.   I also encourage President Barack Obama and Senate Democrats to take another careful look at my proposal. As Majority Leader Harry Reid said after the House passed it, "I think what the House has done is not unreasonable." Not only is it not unreasonable; it's the very least we can do to correct the systemic problem that has led to the current tragedy.   As we reflect this weekend on all those who have lost their lives in defense of freedom, let us reflect, too, on those who have returned home. Sacrifice does not end on the battlefield but continues on for a lifetime. To honor that sacrifice, we must come together to demand the dignity our veterans deserve." 
