IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Senator Alexander joined Senator Cruz on the Senate floor today to express his deep concern about Meriam Ibrahim and let the “world know about Meriam and her plight.” He called on President Obama and the State Department to “immediately demand that the Sudanese government follow their own court’s orders and release Meriam Ibrahim and her family.”   Watch his floor speech here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQS4Netb4LM&list=UUhDLBjn5RWqgMmCSswT05IQ 
Senator Alexander joins the efforts of his fellow senators, led by Senator Ted Cruz, in demanding that President Obama and the State Department call on the Sudanese government to immediately stop the harassment and unfair treatment of Meriam Ibrahim who is being held in Sudan for refusing to renounce her Christian faith.   Senator Alexander’s statement on this issue is available below:   The floor of the Senate can be a significant place to bring attention to major issues at home and around the world. I am sure the voices that have been heard on the Senate floor to put a spotlight on this outrageous situation made a major difference. Senator Cruz has been a strong voice in raising awareness of this horrible incident, and he deserves credit for raising awareness about Meriam’s plight.  He has regularly been joined by Senators Ayotte, Rubio, Inhofe, Shaheen, and Coons, and so many others who share this deep concern, and I am glad to lend my voice to protest this outrage.   Hundreds of Tennesseans have written and called my office to express their outrage over how Meriam Ibrahim and her family have been treated by the Sudanese government. I am also outraged by this blatant attack on religious freedom, and I join my colleagues in demanding that the president and the State Department act immediately to help Ms. Ibrahim.   Meriam found herself in this situation because she was born to a Muslim father and an Ethiopian Orthodox Christian mother. Meriam’s father abandoned the family when Meriam was 6 years old, so she was raised as an Ethiopian Orthodox Christian. Meriam later married Daniel, an American citizen, who is also a Christian. However, the Sudanese government considers Meriam a Muslim, even though she is a devout Christian.   When Meriam was ordered to renounce her faith, she refused, and for that “crime” the Sudanese government condemned her to death. Meriam was convicted and sentenced to receive 100 lashes and then to be hanged.   To make matters worse, Meriam was pregnant with her daughter when this happened, and her son, who is under 2 years old, was forced to live in the women’s prison outside Khartoum where she was held until yesterday when we learned that Meriam was to be released after an appeals court reversed her conviction.    Meriam’s release would normally be cause for celebration, but the celebration was short-lived. Today, we understand that Meriam and her family were detained at the airport while trying to leave Sudan.   President Obama and the State Department should immediately demand that the Sudanese government follow their own court's orders and release Meriam and her family. The harassment and targeting of this family must stop immediately.   The State Department should be prepared to act quickly to help Meriam and her family leave Sudan as soon as she is released.
Continued violence against Christians and members of other religions around the world is deeply disturbing, and it defies the freedoms that we hold dear as Americans. Meriam Ibrahim was sentenced to death and imprisoned with her two children in Sudan for refusing to disavow her Christian faith. Pastor Saeed Abedini has been violently beaten and jailed in Iran for his religious beliefs. The United States should be the first country to step up and say we’re going to do whatever we can to ensure more religious freedom.
Four years of "Recovery Summer" - Economy shrank 2.9% in 1st Qtr. #ObamaEconomy
It seems Congress isn’t alone in the struggle to get a straight answer out of the Obama Administration on the true extent of the crisis at our southwest border...
Mike Enzi, Cynthia Lummis and I had the opportunity to meet with Wyoming’s 2014 Presidential Scholars: Kirsi Anselmi-Stith of Rock Springs and Jacob Colman of Casper. The U.S. Presidential Scholars Program was established in 1964 to recognize some of the nation’s most distinguished high school seniors. Each year, up to 141 students are honored based on their academic success, artistic excellence, essays, school evaluations and transcripts as well as evidence of community service, leadership and demonstrated commitment to high ideals.
Yesterday, the Senate and House Western Caucuses sent a letter to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack calling on the U.S. Forest Service to withdraw their recent “Directive” to seize state waters. This sweeping proposal would impose extreme water restrictions across the West and deny agricultural, recreational and economic activity throughout our communities. These restrictions will hurt jobs and limit Americans’ access to our public lands - with little or no environmental benefit. Once again, it’s another attempt by the Obama Administration to transfer power from states and landowners to Washington. I’m going to continue to do everything possible to stop this proposal. 
It was a pleasure meeting Daniel Fu and Abby Lemert, the 2014 Presidential Scholars from Indiana
The newly released GDP numbers from the Bureau of Economic Analysis revealed economic output in the United States declined by 2.9% during the first three months of 2014. These disappointing numbers only confirm the ongoing struggles many American families are experiencing in this stagnant economy. This staggering GDP loss makes the White House’s 3.4% growth projection for this year nearly impossible to achieve.  The policies pursued by the Obama Administration have failed to bring the jobs and growth our country needs. Given today’s news, how much more evidence do we need that it is time for new ideas? The choice is clear: we can accept lackluster GDP growth and above-average unemployment as the new normal or change course and get our economy growing again.
NA
Senator Collins in a meeting today with Bill Whitten, Deputy County Manager of Cumberland County.
Great to see Scott Riccio of Northeast Charter and Tour Co Inc in Washington to discuss issues affecting this Maine-based employer.
Senator Collins argues that USDA has unfairly excluded the fresh, white potato (baked, not fried) from the nation's WIC program  because it ignored the most recent Dietary Guidelines for Americans.  The Bangor Daily News disagrees.  What do you think?  Read the editorial below and Senator Collins' position here: http://1.usa.gov/UJnxH4 
VIDEO - Cornyn: Voting Rights Act Amendment Ignores Texas’ Progress:
"Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could only do a little." -- Edmund Burke (1729-1797) Irish-born British statesman, parliamentary orator, and political thinker
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 50 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Federal red tape(worm) eats away at economy as regulations hit new record under Obama.
Now we find out the #IRS targeted the top Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee. Targeting on the highest levels.   We need a #SpecialProsecutorNOW!
We must stop the lawlessness.  I applaud Speaker Boehner for pursuing legal action to force the Obama Administration to respect the rule of law.
I applaud the Supreme Court’s unanimous decision to protect the rights of all Americans to be free from warrantless searches of their cell phones.  This is the eleventh time since January 2012 that the Supreme Court has unanimously rejected the Obama Administration’s arguments for greater governmental power. The Court rightly held that the Fourth Amendment generally requires the government to obtain a warrant based on a particularized suspicion of a specific crime before searching the contents of someone’s cell phone. Cell phones contain sensitive personal information, and the government should not have the power to look at the e-mails, text messages, photos, and videos of people who have been arrested but not tried or convicted of a crime.   The Framers knew all too well the dangers of giving the government a blank check to invade our personal lives when they adopted the Fourth Amendment. Unchecked government power poses real risks to our liberty, as the latest revelations about the IRS have unfortunately demonstrated.
Sudan, two days ago responded to the international pressure and released her. Now that they have apparently had a change of heart and forcibly captured her, we need to speak even louder.   We need to speak out for Meriam Ibrahim because it is wrong for everyone, especially this young wife and mother, to be subject to torture and murder for being a Christian. That is unequivocally wrong, and we need to speak in one voice on that.
Q1 GDP fell 2.9%, Obama Admin blames the winter. But the 1985 winter was also historically cold — and Q1 GDP grew 4%. #ReaganvObama
Today the Senate passed a bill I’ve been working to reauthorize for more than a decade. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act will help turn a sometimes clunky, bureaucratic federal job training program into one that helps a lot more people learn the skills they need to get meaningful jobs. It will also eliminate 15 programs identified as ineffective or duplicative and 21 federal mandates on state and local workforce boards. 
18 months, 85 offered amendments later, I finally get a roll call vote in the world's most deliberative body.
If the U-S-A! U-S-A! U-S-A! is ever going to get its debt under control, cutting unnecessary federal spending like this should be our GOOOAAALLLLLL
I’m pleased to support the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to help close the opportunity gap for nearly 10 million unemployed Americans. Many business owners have expressed difficulty filling open positions with qualified candidates. This legislation helps get Americans back to work by cutting waste and improving job training and workforce development programs. 
Great meeting with two very dedicated Nebraska principals, John Osgood & Ryan Ricenbaw, to discuss needs of students and teachers.
Great to meet with southeast Nebraska 4H students this morning. We kicked off the Nebraska Breakfast with the 4H pledge!
Questioned U.S. Department of the Treasury Secretary today on Lois Lerner’s missing emails. WATCH: http://bit.ly/1mr42xo
Had good meeting today with sharp group of North Dakota students involved with North Dakota's chapter of SADD.  These students are committed to helping their peers, and we're grateful for the good work they're doing back home.
Met with OMB director nominee, Shaun Donovan, to press the case for construction of the Fargo-Moorhead flood protection project.  
Many congratulations to North Dakota students Siddharth Gupta and Haleigh Larson on being named U.S. Presidential Scholars by the U.S. Department of Education.  Earning this distinction is a tremendous achievement, and North Dakota is proud of to have such bright students representing our state.
“We believe this is a cost-effective solution for the Air Force because the E-11A and the Block 20 Global Hawk, which is already based in Grand Forks, work together on the battlefield communications mission. The undersecretary agreed that collocating missions offers efficiencies and cost savings, making Grand Forks a good contender. We think this would work well for the Air Force and for Grand Forks.”
Today the Obama Administration briefed Senate leadership on Iran and its nuclear weapons program. It was clear to me that a deal on Iran's nuclear weapons program by July 20 is extremely unlikely, and it's equally unlikely an acceptable deal will be reached six months later. To continue enriching uranium, the Iranians want to build 30,000 more centrifuges than they have today. At the same time, we need them to dismantle 15,000 of the ones already in existence to ensure they won’t have a breakout capability to build a nuclear weapon. That means we’re 45,000 centrifuges apart in our demands. We are clearly nowhere close to a deal. Even if we could limit the centrifuges, we have no assurances that the Iranians won't then construct a secret facility to build nuclear weapons, which they’ve done twice before.
Senator Johnson at the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee explaining his no vote on the nominee for Director of OMB.
Sen. Johnson discussing the state of #Kurdistan and #Iraq with Rudaw network this morning.
Join me in congratulating #Illinois' two Presidential Scholars – Halley Cummings of Danforth and John Kauffman of Channahon.
Today, in Riley v. California, the Supreme Court by a 9-0 vote ruled that police officers may not search the data on cell phones seized incident to an arrest.  While law enforcement officers may hold a phone seized at the time of arrest, they must get a warrant before accessing the content stored on the phone, including text messages, photos, and emails.   In the opinion, Chief Justice John Roberts noted that a 16-gigabyte cell phone can hold “millions of pages of text, thousands of pictures, or hundreds of videos,” and that such a large amount of data in such varied formats presents significant consequences for privacy.  These concerns are magnified in the context of the limitless storage capacity of email and cloud computing, an area where law enforcement is able to access content older than 180 days without a warrant.     I believe the Supreme Court’s unanimous decision demonstrates the shift in the expectations of privacy we have for our digital information.  This case underscores the need to extend similar protection to the information we store in our email and in the cloud.  The Leahy-Lee ECPA Amendments Act, S. 607, would require that the government get a warrant to access documents and content we store in the cloud and in our email accounts, eliminating the antiquated 180-day rule.
Is it truly an "all of the above" energy strategy when you complicate the process of energy resource development through permitting delays, regulatory uncertainty, and making it really difficult to build energy infrastructure like pipelines?
NASA technology is incredibly impressive - especially some that's headed up to the Arctic.  Look at this underwater rover that's conducting cutting-edge research under ice. 
Looking forward to talking with KTVA's Daybreak later this hour!  I should be on around 6:45.
For too many Americans, the only jobs that are available are those they don’t have the skills or qualifications to fill. This has created a skills gap that is hurting unemployed workers and businesses, and is holding back the economy. For the past three years, I have worked in a bipartisan fashion to help these workers get back on a career path by bringing critical reforms to the federal government’s inefficient and outdated workforce development system. I am pleased that today the Senate passed my reforms along with the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, bringing the federal government’s primary workforce development programs into the 21st Century.
Talked to CBN News about the importance of my D-Day Prayer bill and how it will commemorate and honor those who served in World War II. Check the video out here. 
Read my op-ed in the WSJ today highlighting the need to reform our corporate tax code so that we end businesses leaving the U.S. and make America a magnet for investment again.  
Excited for tonight's annual Congressional Baseball Game for charity! I'll be playing outfield for the Republican team. Check out team Paul's t-shirts
NBC Tampa: Rubio Works to Free Jailed Florida-Based Crew in Honduras
Rubio Previews Speech On Middle Class Economic Challenges On CNBC  Rubio: “The fundamental challenge that we face is that every single one of our institutions in this country – from government to higher education and everything in between – has completely failed to adjust to 21st century reality. None of them are responsive to the new world that we now live in, where globalization and information technology have changed the nature of our economy. And our laws and our education system simply don’t reflect this.”
It was a pleasure to meet Roderick Sheppard, President-Elect of the Alabama Association of Secondary School Principals, and Rick Carter, Alabama State Coordinator of the National Association of Secondary School Principals in my office today!
“Isn’t it time? Isn’t it past time for us to get past you looking at it internally, even by an Inspector General, and get a special prosecutor to restore the integrity of the IRS?” 
Proud to see the Senate pass the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act today, a bipartisan compromise that contains key portions of my SKILLS Act to help those looking for work and job training have easier access to a more efficient workforce development system.  Read more about the SKILLS Act here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/issue/skills-act   
It was a pleasure meeting Zion Thomas this morning at the South Carolina Delegation Prayer Breakfast. Zion is an amazing young man who is fighting a tough battle with Sickle Cell Anemia.
#Worker training and giving Pennsylvanians the job skills they need for today’s economy are important. That’s why I supported the bipartisan #Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act today.
Mississippi has repeatedly shown it is a great place to do business, and keeping this reputation means equipping our people with the expertise to fulfill the jobs of today and tomorrow. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act would help us keep up in an ever-increasing global economy.
The Department of Interior should increase development of critical oil and gas reserves on the Outer Continental Shelf:
