On Friday, I spoke with WPTF's Bill LuMaye about sequestration - how did we get here and what does it mean?  To listen to the interview, follow this link:   http://bit.ly/1vjxKL
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is deliberately delaying care to family members of Marines who were exposed to toxic water on-base at Camp Lejeune.  It has been six months since the Caring for Camp Lejeune Families Act was signed by the President, yet VA continues to slow-roll the implementation of a process that will pay for care provided to men and women poisoned through no fault of their own. These are family members who have no way to pay for their own care and who are suffering and dying.   The VA’s two year timeline to help these people is unacceptable.  I will continue to hold VA leadership accountable and do all I can to speed this process along so care can be provided to the people who need and deserve it.   http://bit.ly/Vul15V
At the end of last week, the State Department released its latest draft report on the environmental impact of the Keystone XL Pipeline. To the surprise of no one, it finds there would be no significant environmental impact along the proposed route to refineries in Texas. It also noted that other options to get oil from the Canadian tar sands to refineries on the Gulf Coast would be far more damaging for the environment.
Let us help you. We're taking our office on the road. This Wednesday my staff will be in Little River County to help you with problems you're having with federal agencies.
We enjoyed meeting with the Golden Triangle Economic Development Council during the group's visit to Washington last week.
Although there is no way to prevent destructive storms from happening, Hoosiers can take steps to help protect themselves and their loved ones when severe weather strikes. I encourage Hoosiers to plan in advance and be prepared this storm season.
VIDEO: Senator Jim Risch and I celebrate the 150th Anniversary of the signing of the Idaho Act by President Abraham Lincoln making Idaho a territory.
Op-Ed: Recently, former Senator Alan Simpson (R-WY), Virginia Senator Mark Warner (D-VA), Congressman Mike Simpson (R-ID) and the President for the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, Maya MacGuineas, joined me for a Fiscal Symposium in Boise. This event provided us an opportunity to discuss the debt crisis with Idahoans who understand that doing nothing is the worst possible option.
Senator Collins enjoyed a great weekend in Fort Kent at the 2013 CAN-AM CROWN INTERNATIONAL
KTBS: Cornyn Bill Introduced to Fight Human Trafficking:
Cornyn: 2.4% from a 19% Increase:
Going on Fox Radio with Brian Kilmeade shortly:
Going on Fox News at 10:20am CT to discuss the sequester, tune in if you can.
The Hill: Cornyn Backs 'All Options' to Prevent Nuclear-Armed Iran:
Encouraged to see Governor Rick Perry holding strong against overloading Medicaid. I hope Texas lawmakers will do the same. Expanding an already broken federal program will harm low-income Texans and strangle Texas’ budget by crowding out other state priorities like education and public safety.  The way to reduce the number of uninsured Texans is to grow the economy so they can get good-paying jobs.
Much more explanation is needed on the DHS decision to release immigration detainees in AZ. Here's the letter I sent to DHS Secretary Napolitano seeking answers to a number of questions about this misguided move.
During my tour of the Metropolitan Community College (Nebraska) Military and Veteran Support Services (MVSS), I learned their recent move brought together the administrative and advising staff to provide a one-stop area for military students. MVSS eases the transition from military to college life, provides military-specific advising and career planning, and equips military and veteran students with knowledge of college and community resources. I appreciate the services MSSV provides our Nebraska veterans.
While in Nebraska on Friday, I toured the Bellevue Medical Center with Bellevue Mayor Rita Sanders. The Bellevue Medical Center is committed to providing the highest standard of care, enhancing the patient experience, creating employee and physician satisfaction, and strengthening staff retention.
Q&A on “Too Big to Jail”
Grassley: Naval Academy Selects Ames Student
Today I sent a letter to Senators Chuck Schumer and Pat Roberts asking them to consider auditing Senate operations and offering to work with them to identify areas of wasteful spending within the Senate budget. http://1.usa.gov/YJGi7d
Today, President Obama nominated Gina McCarthy to be the next Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). As head of EPA's Air office, McCarthy oversaw some of the agency's most costly and controversial rules, like the Utility MACTS. That said, as we approach her confirmation process in the Senate, I look forward to sitting down and talking with her to find common ground as I did with Lisa Jackson.   As Ranking Member of the EPW Oversight Subcommittee, my priority is to ensure that EPA follows sound science and accurate cost-benefit analysis to ensure government’s encroachment into entrepreneurship and American ingenuity is instructed by facts and not political gamesmanship.  This will be among the key issues I aim to address with McCarthy and an area I hope we can reach agreement.
The six trillion dollar man: President Obama has added more debt than any President in history.
Glad to partner with Canadian MP Irwin Cotler on Inter-Parliamentary Group for Human Rights in Iran.
NA
As the dialogue in Washington shifts from discussing the short term effects of the sequester to the long term effects of our out-of-control spending, I am hopeful that over the next few weeks we can identify and eliminate the wasteful government spending that is threatening our ability to fund essential government services.
The news that the scale of the Holocaust was even worse than previously thought is a sobering reminder that in order to prevent such horrors from ever happening again, we must never forget the atrocities committed during World War II. Our country stands united in opposition to tyranny and discrimination.
I love the Iditarod- the sights, the sounds, and of course, the amazing athletes like Hershey here.  Keep up with the Last Great Race every step of the way: http://iditarod.com
Both the EPA and the Department of Energy have an enormous role in Alaska, but I agree with many Alaskans that they need to strike a better balance between development and safeguards.  I plan on taking these issues up soon with the President’s nominees to run these important agencies.
Congrats to Aja Brooks for her hard work in fighting drug abuse in Ohio. Good luck at HHS! The Cincinnati Enquirer highlights the important work.
This weekend, Senator Shelby visited Abbeville, AL, among other cities and towns, to discuss the country's most pressing issues, including sequestration, and to hear from constituents: http://www.dothaneagle.com/news/article_d85a91de-8377-11e2-985c-0019bb30f31a.html
The welfare work requirement is one of the most fundamental elements of the historic, bipartisan welfare reform of the 1990s. When times are tough, families need a safety net. But it’s the income, security and confidence of a job that truly allows parents, caretakers and guardians to weather tough economic times and ultimately return to economic stability.
Today begins National Severe Weather Preparedness Week. With winter storm watches in effect for parts of southwestern Pennsylvania, check in for measures to keep your family safe.
Happy Casimir Pulaski Day. The "father of American cavalry," he saved General Washington's life at the Battle of the Brandywine in Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania on September 11, 1777.
In case you missed it ...
NA
