Sen. Alexander shakes hands with Elom Dumenyo, Boys and Girls Club of Middle Tennessee “Youth of the Year,” before speaking to a room of 185 children at the Andrew Jackson Club of the Boys and Girls Clubs of Middle Tennessee in Nashville yesterday afternoon. Alexander talked about his good friend Alex Haley’s book, “Roots,” in which Haley talks about how to “find the good and praise it.” He encouraged them to read the book and “be inspired by the fact that a young man or young woman just like you could grow up and win a Pulitzer Prize writing a book about your family…There’s no reason you can’t think that big, too.”
NA
I talked with Missourians rightly concerned by the Obama Administration’s runaway executive branch power and costly regulations. This spring, I introduced the ENFORCE the Law Act to curb this and hold the president to his constitutional duty to faithfully execute the law. Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/O1YtYL
The constitutional right of a citizen to own a firearm has nothing to do with race or ethnicity – and any measure to interfere with a citizen’s ability to exercise his or her rights should be carefully examined. Fox News’s Special Report with Bret Baier highlighted my efforts to protect the 2nd Amendment.
Washington isn't working the way it should, and it hasn't been doing the people's work the way it needs to. What would you like to see Congress focus on? 
I am pleased to announce that the Department of Veterans Affairs has approved a grant for over $5.3 million dollars to be used to establish a State Veterans Cemetery in Goldsboro.  This grant will provide service to over 5,000 veterans and their families and offer a place of honor closer to home than already existing veterans cemeteries.  This grant is a wonderful example of state and federal partnership, as the state of North Carolina will fund the ongoing operation and up-keep of the new cemetery.
September is Suicide Prevention Month. One particular segment of the population where we are struggling to identify at-risk individuals is in our veterans’ community. That is why VA is among those actively working to raise awareness about suicide prevention. Learn more about what’s being done to prevent suicides in our latest column.
Prescription drug abuse is the fastest growing drug problem in the country. Get expired, unused and unwanted prescription drugs out of your home tomorrow as part of Arkansas Prescription Drug Take Back Initiative. Learn more about this effort and the nearest drop-off location to you.
This afternoon a member of my staff will visit Greene, Steuben, and Tippecanoe counties to meet with local residents and assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:   Greene Co.  1:00pm-2:00pm Linton-Stockton Chamber of Commerce, 159 NW 1st St, Linton,IN  Steuben Co. 1:30pm-4:00pm Carnegie Library, 322 S Wayne St, Angola, IN  Tippecanoe Co. 1:30pm-3:30pm West Lafayette Public Library, 208 W Columbia St, West Lafayette, IN
Welcome home Mayor Buttigieg. We are grateful for his service. 
NA
Concerns about privacy and protection of personal information are not new in our society. What is new is the vast amount of data that the government is collecting about us, and the ease with which it is doing so. Read my op-ed on data collection and the right to privacy in Forbes:http://goo.gl/2eYAgp 
Tomorrow is National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day, an opportunity for Texans and Americans across the country to dispose of unused prescription drugs to prevent them from falling into the wrong hands. To find a local collection site go to: https://www.deadiversion.usdoj.gov/NTBI/ntbi-pub.pub?_flowExecutionKey=_c53E85B87-BFA4-B7E5-22EB-4C5CC362D481_kA375FE58-6A5D-3E21-0890-0DF690923E53.   With prescription drug abuse on the rise, I’ve been pleased to work with my colleague Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) to pass a new law that will ultimately make every day Prescription Drug Take-Back Day, by expanding the program to allow consumers to dispose of unused medications at pharmacies and other locations year-round. To read more, visit: http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsReleases&ContentRecord_id=5f26b081-eb05-4a8e-bbe6-d3832ea62aa9
Israel's action in Gaza was the just self-defense of a sovereign nation against relentless attacks by radical Islamic terrorists. The United States would and should do the same under those circumstances.   Rather than bandying baseless accusations against Israel in the United Nations, the Palestinian Authority would do better to expose Hamas' vicious use of civilians as human shields, which is an actual war crime.
I'm optimistic because of you. I'm optimistic because I believe in the American people. And I'm optimistic, because I am convinced, God isn't done with America yet.  We stand on the promise of the word: weeping may endure for the night but joy cometh in the morning! #VVS14
Our values are who we are. Our values are why we are here. And our values are fundamentally American. #VVS14
Honored to meet with Naghmeh Abedini, wife of Pastor Saeed, whose steadfast faith is an inspiration. #ItsTime #SaveSaeed
For two years, Pastor Saeed has suffered from starvation and torture in a brutal Iranian prison. #ItsTime to #SaveSaeed: http://saeedvigil.com
I enjoyed attending the Westwood High School and Lakeview Elementary School dedications in Gillette on Thursday. When Diana and I moved to Gillette there were only two schools. With the boom another school was needed and they brought double-wide trailers in near our house. There was no gym. They were basically four walls, a roof, floor and little else. In the early boom days Campbell County didn't have money. Mineral money doesn't appear until the oil or gas or coal are sold, but the boom construction still brings people and people have kids. Now Campbell County coal payments help fund schools all over Wyoming. It is nice to celebrate schools in the state.
All Americans should have access to reliable telephone service. Unfortunately, chronic call completion issues exist for too many rural American families and businesses, affecting commerce, public safety and even connecting with family and friends. Today Senator John Barrasso and I, along with other western and rural senators, asked the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission to take the steps necessary to address call completion issues. 
Happy birthday to Jack Hoffman, who continues to bravely raise awareness about the unique challenges facing children with pediatric brain cancer. I'm proud of everything the Hoffman family and Team Jack have done to find a cure for childhood brain cancer, and I encourage all Nebraskans to help shed light on this disease.
“If we are going to keep high-caliber federal workers serving North Dakota, we will need to make it affordable for them and their families to live and work here. OPM has assured me it is working with the Interior Department to evaluate ways to help attract and retain workers in western North Dakota. I am asking Interior to advocate for a Bakken region locality adjustment that will help all agency staff when it submits its special salary request to OPM, and I believe they are moving in that direction.”
As part of the Kids Wish Network, Eduin from Oklahoma City had the opportunity to visit Washington, DC this week. My staff joined Eduin in celebrating his birthday and this important trip. He got to kick his feet up at my desk where he enjoyed a delicious cupcake, and my staff also gave him and his family  a tour of the Capitol and the Speaker’s balcony. Happy 12th Birthday Eduin! You can read more about Eduin’s story here: http://kidswishnetwork.org/2014/06/historic-d-c-wish-for-history-buff-eduin/
Today the Oklahoma State Chamber invited me to join the stage with Sens. Jerry Moran (R-Kan.) and Oklahoma’s junior Senator Tom Coburn at an event entitled “Oklahoma Conversations.” The event allows Oklahoma businesses to speak with national leaders about issues confronting businesses, federal regulatory policies and federal spending.
Sen. Johnson in USA TODAY: "If he does succeed, that means America and Americans stay safe. So I want to do everything I can to support his actions."
Attention #veterans seeking jobs: meet with 100+ Illinois employers at my Veterans Job and Resource Fair in Palatine on October 7th. RSVP or learn more: http://bit.ly/veteransjobfair
In case you missed it, I traveled 2,000+ miles listening to you during my #AugustofAction. Catch up on my work in this video: 
KSP Drug 'Take Back' Event Saturday By West Kentucky Star Staff HICKORY, KY - Kentucky State Police will partner with the Drug Enforcement Administration on Saturday to remove old drugs from home medicine cabinets.  This is the eighth national DEA 'Take Back' initiative the agency has participated in. According to a press release, since the program's inception in September 2010, KSP has collected over 5,600 pounds of prescription drugs. Collection activities will take place on Saturday from 10:00 am to 2:00 pm at the KSP Post 1 Mayfield, located at 8366 ST RT 45 North in Hickory.  KSP officials said the program is designed to be easy to use, and offered the following tips for those interested in participating:  Participants may dispose of medication in its original container or by removing the medication from its container and disposing of it directly into the disposal box.      -All solid dosage pharmaceutical products in consumer containers may be accepted.  -Liquid products, such as cough syrup, will not be accepted.  -Intra-venous solutions, injectibles, and syringes will not be accepted due to potential hazard posed by blood-borne pathogens.  -Illicit substances such as marijuana or methamphetamine are not a part of this initiative and should not be placed in collection containers.  Click the link below to find locations in your area: http://www.deadiversion.usdoj.gov/drug_disposal/takeback/index.html
Friday afternoon, I had an informative tour of the Rubbermaid plant in Winfield. This facility has more than 1,000 employees and has continued to grow despite tough economic times. The plant built a new warehouse in 2012 that spans 500,000 square feet and nearly doubled their workforce. During my visit, we discussed the need for affordable housing in Winfield and the growing need for technical skilled employees. Thanks to Winfield Rubbermaid Plant Representatives Michael Grant, Mark Johnson, Austin Rising, Brandi Biddle for coordinating my visit.
Yesterday, I attended the second annual Kansas Aviation Expo.  Organized by the Kansas Commission on Aerospace Education (KCAE), the week-long event is designed to inspire interest in one of our state’s great industries to the nearly 1,000 high school and college-aged students in attendance. I enjoyed visiting with a number of future aviation leaders and learning more about educational and vocational programs, including a flying tour across Kansas. To keep Kansas’ aviation industry strong, we need not only a growing and prosperous economy but also a proactive effort to train the next generation of aviation professionals. It was encouraging to see that effort well underway last night. Thanks to KCAE President Brian Youngers and the entire board for volunteering their time to put on this event. Thanks also to Kansas Department of Transportation Aviation Director Jesse Romo for inviting me to attend.   At the expo, I caught up with KSN's Chris Arnold to discuss a number of issues facing our nation and our state. Click the link below to listen to our conversation. 
Have you seen the stories about the U.S. Forest Service considering charging people for taking pictures in wilderness area, maybe even with smart phones? Though The Wilderness Act does restrict commercial enterprise in wilderness areas, the Forest Service needs to exercise some common sense here. No one should have to fear that the federal government is going to use such a designation to restrict or prohibit you from news gathering or taking photos. 
In order to keep pushing the federal government to prioritize the Arctic, I talked with a DC publication called Roll Call.  We must be an active member of the Arctic region.  With or without infrastructure, the Arctic is evolving as a place of action, as many nations invest in the region.  (Some like China and India aren't even Arctic nations.) We’ve got to figure out how we’re going to step it up so we are part of what is going on. http://blogs.rollcall.com/energy-xtra/pushing-arctic-policy/?dcz=
Hosting an Energy Jobs Fair today in St. Clairsville. Runs until 2pm at Belmont College. All are welcome!
In case you missed it, here's my speech from the Values Voter Summit:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjrE4CGOFzw
I'm about to take the stage at #VVS14. Watch LIVE here: http://www.valuesvotersummit.org/
Daily Caller gives a preview of my Values Voters Summit speech HERE: http://dailycaller.com/2014/09/26/rand-paul-to-stress-fusionism-at-values-voters/
ICYMI: Rubio Marks "Contract With America" Anniversary, Outlines Agenda To Restore American Dream: http://nws.mx/1wMYAIg  ...  This method of leadership, powered by ideas and sustained by an open communication of those ideas to the people they impact, is certainly not one that I invented myself. Others have taken a similar approach, often with great success. One of the most notable instances in our nation’s history was an initiative announced 20 years ago: the “Contract With America.”   It was led by a remarkable idea man: Rep. Newt Gingrich of Georgia, then minority whip and future speaker of the House. He partnered with other Republican leaders, including Texas Rep. Dick Armey and policy leaders at the Heritage Foundation, to craft a revolutionary collection of ideas for restoring the promise of America.  ...  These challenges are many and have changed greatly since the time of the “Contract With America.” High-skilled jobs of the future have replaced low-skilled jobs of the past. Higher education is no longer an option for some, it is a necessity for all. Global competition requires us to compete for investment and innovation. And too many children are raised today without the comforts of a stable home.   Just as I did in the Florida House, I have spent this year developing dozens of ideas that would tackle these challenges head on. On some, I’ve partnered with leaders from both parties, such as Sens. Mike Lee (Utah), Ron Wyden (Ore.), Chris Coons (Del.), and Cory Booker (N.J.); and Reps. Paul Ryan (Wis.) and Aaron Schock (Ill.).   My proposals would make higher education accessible to everyone, spur the transformative innovation that can create new industries and millions of jobs, open America to the possibilities and realities of our increasingly globalized economy, save our crucial retirement programs from self-destruction, and encourage rather than punish marriage and parenthood.  ...
NA
NA
NA
NA
The EPA's common sense has gone out the window. Learn more here: http://bit.ly/YaQxJ4 #DitchtheRule
