Check out WJHL’s article, “U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander proposes bill to simplify federal financial aid,” on Senator Alexander’s proposed Financial Aid Simplification and Transparency (FAST) Act. Alexander’s bill would eliminate the FAFSA, the current 10-page, 100-question form used to apply for federal financial aid, and reduce the process to a simple post card with two questions.  Alexander is travelling to Memphis today to host a forum on reforming student financial aid, where he will discuss his ideas for simplifying the process for students to apply for financial aid.  Read more here: http://www.wjhl.com/story/26443654/us-sen-lamar-alexander-proposes-bill-to-simplify-federal-financial-aid
Senator Ayotte continued her "Conversations with Kelly" tour of New Hampshire businesses today in Dover at Liberty Mutual.
During a stop on Tuesday at Amphenol Printed Circuits in Nashua, Senator Ayotte met with company officials and workers and toured the company's manufacturing facility. Amphenol's Nashua facility, which manufactures advanced defense and aerospace equipment, employs about 300 people. Read more: 
Read Senator Ayotte's op-ed on Russia's growing aggression in Ukraine on CNN.com:
Today is the Land and Water Conservation Fund’s 50th anniversary – I am proud to continue efforts to ensure that funding from the Land and Water Conservation Fund is used to preserve our nation’s scenic treasures for future generations. #LWCF50
NA
NA
Spoke to the Economic Alliance Houston Port Region in Pasadena today. The Houston Port Region has become a true global and economic powerhouse over the past 100 years, and the communities and businesses that make up the Economic Alliance have played a key role in that growth.
The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program is the nation's largest youth recognition program for volunteer community service, find out more information on how to apply for 2015 here:
Looking to relocate? Four out of ten of America’s most affordable cities “you will want to live in” are in Texas.  And Round Rock is number 1!
On Tuesday I was able to spend some time behind the counter helping customers checkout at a Maverik convenience store in Gillette. It was a great experience that reminded me of the days when I worked retail in Gillette at my shoe store. I always enjoy being able to visit with small businesses around the state, giving me the opportunity to hear what issues are most important to them.
Within 10 years the number of uninsured Americans may increase by 10 percent, according to a new study looking at the effects of Obamacare. Those who already have plans on the federal exchanges could see their annual costs skyrocket by 96 percent. Obamacare has clearly failed the American people, hurting those most in need of help along the way. The Senate minority has offered solutions, but has been blocked at every turn by the Senate majority. The American people deserve better.
Teaming up with St. Mary's Food Bank Alliance to #GoOrange for hunger awareness. For more on how to help check out www.StMarysFoodBank.org  
Toured IA Veterans Home in Marshalltown to be brought up to speed on renovations Also answered Qs from vets throughout tour
Tour Renewable Energy Group Ames & Q&A w 105 employees Topics-biodiesel, immig, Social Security, ISIS, budget. REG isVery innovative company
ISU 1 of 10 chosen to host seminar b/c of excellent cyber security education prgm
This AM gave update on judiciary comm work on cyber security at seminar 2 educate consumers & biz at Iowa State Univ. Speech on my website
Q&A w 37 ppl Ames Chamber of commerce good discussion abt natl and local issues + university
“We got a firm commitment late yesterday from the USPS that it will maintain current hours at approximately 30 post offices in the growing Bakken region, as we requested and as was promised in April. At the same time, about 30 others are still scheduled to have their hours reduced, which we’ve asked the postal service to reevaluate in a timely manner because of the continuing growth of our state.”
“Responding to crime and protecting our communities is vital to maintaining our quality of life and ensuring that North Dakota continues to be a safe place to work, live and raise a family. These funds will help our law enforcement officials respond to crimes quickly and effectively.”
“The bottom line is that we need greater rail capacity to meet the growing needs of North Dakota’s expanding economy and dynamic businesses and farms. To make that happen, railroads must commit to investing in more rail infrastructure, including more locomotives, more railcars and more crews. BNSF has made substantial commitments to increasing infrastructure and personnel, but now Canadian Pacific needs to make the same kind of commitment. CP also needs to implement a more transparent way of reserving cars and tracking orders so that it is fair to our shippers. The investments and changes we are calling for are not only in the interest of North Dakota, but also in the interest of the railroads themselves.”
#TBT to a great day at #LambeauField. Can't wait for the game tonight! #GoPackGo #SEAvsGB
Sen. Johnson met today with #NYSE traders who handle Harley-Davidson and Kohl's — two great Wisconsin companies.
Congrats to the Official Chicago Sky who overcame injury to make the WNBA championship! Cheer them on starting Sunday!
This morning, I attended the Johnson County Commissioners meeting. Prior to the meeting, I appreciated getting an update on the impact of the EPA Clean Water Act regulations on wet-weather treatment options for the Johnson County wastewater utility from John O'Neil and Susan Pekarek of Johnson County Wastewater.   Thanks to Commission Chairman Ed Eilert, Commissioners Ed Peterson, Jim Allen, Steve Klika, Jason Osterhaus, Michael Ashcraft and John Toplikar for the hospitality. Thanks also to County Manager Hannes Zacharias for the invitation to attend and for coordinating the meeting.
Today, I visited KidsTLC in Olathe. During my tour of the new Kelly Foundation Behavioral Health, Autism & Wellness Center, it was nice to visit with their new CEO Gordon Docking. I was impressed with the treatments they offer for children with autism and behavioral issues. The facility has a kid-friendly gym, therapy rooms, exam rooms and administrative space.   In June 2014, I was proud to sponsor the Autism CARES Act, legislation to reauthorize important autism research and screening programs. President Obama signed this legislation into law last month. The law prevents unnecessary duplication of federally-supported autism research projects. It also requires the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to designate an official to oversee national autism spectrum disorder research, support activities and services. The reported prevalence of autism has increased dramatically over the past 20 years, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention now estimates that autism affects 1 in 68 children.   Thanks to Gordon and Mark Siegmund for your hospitality and for the informative tour.
My office is now accepting applications for spring 2015 internships. Congressional internships are a great way for Kansas students to learn about Congress while at the same time gaining professional work experience. Having worked as a congressional intern myself, I know what a valuable experience it can be.  I encourage you to watch the video linked below and visit the internship page on my website to learn more. Completed applications must be submitted for consideration by November 1, 2014.
Last night, I attended the Johnson and Wyandotte County Council of Mayors Meeting at Overland Park's new Prairiefire development. The guest speaker was Merrill Companies' Fred Merrill, Jr., who is developing the area. In addition to restaurants and shopping, the Museum at Prairiefire exhibits artifacts from the American Museum of Natural History, which is a draw for both Kansans and tourists.  The mayors and county chairs shared updates on what is happening in their communities, and I appreciated learning something new about each one. A big thanks to these men and women who give of their time to improve their communities and the state. Thanks also to Overland Park's DJ Curtis for coordinating my visit.  Here's a list of the indviduals in attendance: Johnson County Commission Chair Ed Eilert, Unified Government Wyandotte County Kansas City Kansas Mayor CEO Mark Holland, Edwardsville Mayor John McTaggart, De Soto Mayor Tim Maniez, Gardner Mayor Chris Murrow, Lake Quivira Mayor Wayne Hidalgo, Leawood Mayor Peggy Dunn, Merriam Mayor Ken Sissom, Mission Mayor Steve Schowengerdt, Mission Hills Mayor Rick Boeshaar, Olathe Mayor Mike Copeland, Overland Park Mayor Carl Gerlach, Prairie Village Mayor Ron Shaffer, Roeland Park Mayor Joel Marquardt, Westwood Mayor John Ye and Westwood Hills Mayor Paula Schwach.
It was great to sit down with Alaska’s new head of the Federal Aviation Administration, Kerry Long, earlier this summer.  His wealth of experience with the FAA and NTSB – and his embrace of new technologies – will benefit the aviation community in Alaska. I’m glad to hear he’s planning to travel all around the state to see firsthand the unique challenges our aviation community faces.  http://www.alaskajournal.com/Alaska-Journal-of-Commerce/September-Issue-1-2014/New-Alaska-FAA-chief-focused-on-safety/
This week I am visiting a few villages in western Alaska. Yesterday I was in St. Mary's to hear their concerns and priorities.  I want to thank Mayor Bill Alstrom for his personalized tour around town before we sat down with community leaders.
I uploaded a short video I wanted to share from my hike on Root Glacier.  I'm always in awe of the beauty of the great state we live in! 
If I had been in President Obama’s shoes, I would have acted more decisively and strongly against ISIS. I would have called Congress back into session—even during recess.  This is what President Obama should have done. He should have been prepared with a strategic vision, a plan for victory and extricating ourselves.   Read my entire oped HERE:http://time.com/3268581/rand-paul-i-am-not-an-isolationist/ 
The One-Man Think Tank? My wife Kelley may disagree...  Check out Politico's Top 50 List - http://www.politico.com/magazine/politico50/2014/rand-paul-01.html#.VAh6D3ddX74
 Florida And New Hampshire Senators To Introduce Bipartisan Resolution Honoring Lives Of Slain American Journalists, Condemning ISIS: http://1.usa.gov/1qhHly7  “It’s important that Americans never forget James Foley and Steven Sotloff, the lives they led as successful journalists, and how loved they were by their families and friends,” Senator Rubio said. “The U.S. Senate should honor these brave men by approving this resolution as soon as Congress reconvenes next week. The American people should also never lose sight of the fact that these awful executions are only the beginning of ISIL’s plans to sow evil across the Middle East and the world, unless we stop them.”
Rubio Calls On Reid To Allow A Senate Vote On Venezuela Sanctions Bill: http://1.usa.gov/Ye9agb  “This sweeping arc of human rights abuse demands the attention of the United States Congress,” wrote Rubio. “You were quoted in July saying that you support bipartisan legislation to sanction the Venezuelan officials responsible, yet in the two months since, the heart wrenching stories of savage violence from the Maduro government have worsened while Congressional action has only stalled.    “Just last month, as the Senate was about to pass the sanctions bill that unanimously passed the House, Maduro’s regime found a way to influence our legislative process,” added Rubio. “Even though the legislation would have targeted individuals only and posed no threat to American jobs or Venezuelan firms, a Venezuelan government-controlled oil company with operations in the U.S. succeeded in convincing a member of the Senate’s Democratic majority to block the bill’s passage.   “As Majority Leader, I hope you will use your authority to ensure that the bipartisan legislation sanctioning Venezuelan officials - legislation which you have spoken in favor of – will be allowed an up or down vote immediately upon our return on September 8th,” continued Rubio. 
NA
Our kids are the future of this great nation, and that's why every month I visit and/or Skype with at least one school in our state. This #tbt is from Gregg Middle School in Summerville last year.
Congratulations to Cadet Shawna Moore, a Phoenixville, Pa. native, on being named the Best Overall New Cadet Class of 2018 at West Point - The U.S. Military Academy! I know her family is full of pride - and so am I! http://1.usa.gov/1AavoLw
This is a great time of the year. My three children, along with others across the nation, are lining up at the bus stop to head off to school. We must do all we can to keep them safe. http://bit.ly/1lJHbiI
