Sen. Alexander received the U.S. Chamber of Commerce’s Spirit of Enterprise Award, which recognizes members of Congress who consistently cast votes that help businesses create jobs. Alexander said, “The best thing we can do to create jobs is unleash our free-enterprise system by dismantling the president’s health care law and other regulations, so Tennessee businesses can help get our economy moving again.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree. http://1.usa.gov/17JSnkG
Today marks the five-year anniversary of the State Department receiving TransCanada’s application to build the Keystone XL pipeline. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Sen. Alexander that there is “simply no excuse” for not moving forward with the pipeline.
NA
In the wake of Monday’s shooting at the Washington Navy Yard, U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte called for a hearing by the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee to examine federal contractor hiring practices at military installations. Here’s what she wrote..
As President Obama ‘pivots’ back to the economy, he should explain to Americans why he has blocked the Keystone XL Pipeline for five years. This shovel-ready project will create tens of thousands of U.S. jobs and help reduce our dependence on foreign oil. More American energy means more American jobs, and President Obama should stop stalling on Keystone and approve this important project immediately.
This morning I had the pleasure of meeting Lynn Rhymer and Thomas Cole -- recipients of NASSP’s yearly award for outstanding State Principals. Thank you for your exemplary work in North Carolina’s schools.
More on our efforts to prevent the Obama administration from granting unions a special exemption from Obamacare.
I encourage President Obama and his administration to promote job growth and provide Americans with a secure supply of energy by approving the Keystone XL pipeline.
I spoke yesterday about my amendment to stop the President from going around Congress to impose job-crushing carbon regulations. EPA regulations will increase energy costs for those who can least afford it—seniors, low-income families and small businesses.
Great event last night in DC hosted by the Indiana Chamber of Commerce allowing 100 Hoosier business leaders to interact with members of the Indiana Congressional delegation.
NA
Want to know the answers to those #Idaho trivia questions? Here you go. #idpol #gemstate
At today’s lunch with my colleagues, we will have some fun with #Idaho trivia.  How would you score with these questions? We will share the answers later. #idpol #gemstate
At lunch, I am sharing some Idaho products with my Senate colleagues:  Idaho Fry Sauce, huckleberry syrup, potato pancake mix and huckleberry jellybeans. #idpol #gemstate
Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-Massachusetts) and I have introduced a bipartisan amendment directing the U.S. Department of Energy to quantify the cost savings from operational energy efficiency technologies in an effort to increase public and private use of these technologies.  Our amendment, will not create any new programs or increase government spending and is being offered as part of the Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness (“ESIC”) Act, introduced by Senators Jeanne Shaheen (D-New Hampshire) and Rob Portman (R-Ohio).  Increasing our nation’s energy efficiency must remain a high priority.  This amendment will help encourage greater industry participation by proving that the savings are real through an accurate cost-benefit analysis.
Watch @KVUE’s heart-warming story of Texas family’s long-awaited adoption of their daughter from Guatemala. Happy to have been able to help in bringing this family together at long last with 6-year-old Vania.
VIDEO: Cornyn Presses Democrats for Long-Term Spending Reforms:
5 year anniv of #Keystone application, time for POTUS to approve. No reason to delay this job-creation project any more.
Truth is POTUS has been playing reckless political games with the economy for 4 1/2 years: Republicans in Congress Are Playing Reckless Political Games with our Economy," by Amy Brundage, a Special Assistant to the President and Deputy Press Secretary
Honored to meet w/Debbie & Rob Smith to discuss next steps to protect rights of violent crime victims.
As co-chair of US Senate India Caucus I enjoyed by visit with US Ambassador Nancy Powell to discuss US-India relationship
WP: 4 Pinocchios for President Obama
FLASHBACK #TBT: February 2013: Senators Corker and Alexander introduced S.11, the Fiscal Sustainability Act, to reduce the growth of entitlement spending by nearly $1 trillion in the next decade in order to improve the programs’ insolvency. The bill incorporates many of the recommendations made by President Obama’s Debt Commission (Simpson-Bowles) as well as by former Republican Senator Pete Domenici and Alice Rivlin, budget director for former President Clinton. Senator Corker said the Congressional Budget Office’s Long-Term Budget Outlook released Tuesday reinforces that entitlement spending is driving our nation’s debt to unsustainable levels. According to the non-partisan report, federal spending for the major health care programs and Social Security would increase to a total of 14 percent of Gross Domestic Product by 2038, up from under 10 percent today. Total federal spending will grow rapidly as a percentage of GDP, reaching a record 26 percent in 2038. “This report shows once again that entitlement spending is driving our nation’s debt to unsustainable levels and crowding out productive investments our country could be making in things like infrastructure, research and development, and national security. As CBO notes, the typical Medicare beneficiary today receives about $200,000 more in benefits over their lifetime than they have paid into the Medicare system. Fixing this imbalance and others in Medicare and Social Security so they are strong and solvent, as Senator Alexander and I propose in the Fiscal Sustainability Act, is the only way to put our country on a sound fiscal path that will allow for continued growth and prosperity,” said Corker. http://1.usa.gov/1a1DEBY
Five years after TransCanada’s initial application for the Keystone XL pipeline, Senator Corker today said the Obama administration is now the only thing standing in the way of thousands of new jobs and access to a large supply of North American energy from completion of the pipeline.  The State Department has yet to approve construction of the final section of the pipeline, which, if completed, will have the capacity to transfer more than 800,000 barrels of oil per day from Canada to refineries on the Gulf Coast of the U.S.  “Despite five years of rigorous review and strong public support for completion of the pipeline, the Obama administration is now the only thing standing in the way of thousands of American jobs, with the potential for many more, and access to a large supply of North American energy.  The president’s vague climate criteria appear to ignore the findings of exhaustive, concrete environmental and economic development analysis that demonstrate the benefits we would reap from this project, which would also strengthen ties with Canada, our largest trading partner.  I urge the president and Secretary Kerry to recognize the value of the pipeline and approve its completion as soon as possible,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1dstGM0.
#DefundObamacareBecause if it isn't good enough for members of Congress, it isn't good enough for the American people:
SHARE if you're with me -- #DefundObamacare.
It's time for Senate Republicans to stand with House Republicans and hardworking American families to #DefundObamacare.
Why is President Obama threatening to shut down the government in order to shove Obamacare down Americans' throats? #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
We've got to stand together, fight with every breath in our bodies, and stop the biggest job-killer in America. #DefundObamacare
Republicans should be standing for pro-market, pro-competition health care reforms that empower consumers. #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
Creating 20,000 jobs and getting energy from our friends should have been an easy decision five years ago when the Keystone Pipeline was first proposed. It should be an even easier decision today. Wyoming knows the importance of a growing energy sector and I call on President Obama to confront the anti-energy interests in his own party and to approve this project so we can put people to work and continue to move toward energy independence.
I was happy to see the 2013 Nebraska Principals of the Year today in Washington. Thank you for your hard work educating Nebraska’s students!
Congratulations and thanks to Ned Clooten and Kevin Hoherz, North Dakota’s principals of the year.
The Keystone XL pipeline project will create tens of thousands of jobs, boost our economy, help reduce our dependence on Middle Eastern oil and raise billions of dollars in revenues to address our nation’s deficit and debt. North American oil and gas production is burgeoning, driven by a revolution in new technologies that are producing more energy with better environmental stewardship than ever before and it’s happening right here at home. Every concern has been reasonably answered, and it’s time for economic reality, common sense and the will of the people to prevail. It’s time to approve the Keystone XL pipeline project. http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=0a50cb24-c80c-4766-b6e9-29940d78538c
Five years ago today, TransCanada submitted its application to build the Keystone pipeline in the United States, but President Obama has still yet to approve the project despite saying that the pipeline would not have a significant impact on the environment. The Keystone pipeline would create 1,200 jobs immediately in Oklahoma and up to 14,000 jobs in our state over the years.  If we stall any longer, the United States risks losing this economic opportunity and North American energy resource to China. It is time the United States moves forward on the Keystone pipeline to help encourage economic growth and create well-paid American jobs.
Throughout my time representing Oklahoma in Washington, I’ve advocated for a strong and well-resourced national defense as the foundation of our security, economic prosperity and the backbone of our global leadership. Today, however, this force is at risk. I hope you will take a moment to read my op-ed in the  Washington Times on the growing divide in military readiness:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/oped/washington-times-the-growing-divide-in-military-readiness
NA
GOP: Unite Against Obamacare - my piece on Obamacare recently placed in the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.
9-year-old Jackson started his stroke recovery a year before I had mine. Shortly after my stroke, he wrote me an inspiring letter with the simple, yet powerful advice to #NeverGiveUp. 
 
 Today, 700,000 people in the US are recovering from a stroke. In order to help them I introduced the Preserving Rehabilitation Centers Act. The more people who get access to high-quality rehabilitation, the more people we can get back to work.
 
 Please help me by sharing Jackson's advice to encourage all stroke survivors to never give up: http://bit.ly/Kirk-Jackson
Senator Ted Cruz and I spent some time with Sean Hannity tonight to discuss recent progress in the effort to #DefundObamacare.  Here is the full interview.  The House Republicans have chosen to vote on a CR that will fund all the functions of government but defund Obamacare.  This is great news, and now is the time for all those who oppose this train wreck to unite in an effort to delay Obamacare by voting to defund it.  Be sure to share this with your friends, so they can be aware of these recent developments:
Just a reminder, my tele-townhall for September will be held next Wednesday, September 25, at 7:00 p.m. MT.  You can sign up to participate here:
 http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
Check out my op-ed "Russians Deserve Better than Putin" in the Pravda today:
Sen. McConnell: The only person who seems happy with Obamacare is the guy it’s named after.  http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QjxJuvyDItg
This week, the Congressional Budget Office updated its long-term budget outlook and the numbers are not good. The CBO estimates that debt held by the public will increase to 100 percent of GDP in 25 years – an increase driven by our current spending policies. Despite record levels of taxation, CBO projects spending will significantly outpace revenues under current law.   These astronomical debt levels will reduce Americans’ ability to save, increase budgetary pressures for more destabilizing tax increases, damage the nation’s ability to respond to domestic and international crises, and increase the odds of a future fiscal crisis. This is not an academic discussion. It is not a partisan discussion. It is about the future of our nation. We were not elected to ignore these problems but rather to confront them. I am hopeful the White House and Congress will come together and do what Kansans do: Make decisions based on solid values and be held accountable for those decisions.
Today it was a pleasure to meet with the Kansas Principals of the Year: Ulysses’ Kepley Middle School Principal Juan Perez and Emporia High School Principal Scott Sheldon. Juan and Scott are helping Kansas students reach their full potentials in the classroom and beyond. The future competitiveness of our state and nation is directly linked to the quality of our children’s education, and I’m pleased they are being commended for their contributions to Kansas students.
Today is the five-year anniversary of the initial permit application for the Keystone XL Pipeline. For five years, the President has had the opportunity to create jobs for Americans simply by approving the permit application, but he continually refuses to do so. The five-year review has taken more than twice as long as it will take to build the pipeline. This job-creating, domestic energy-promoting project is supported by an overwhelming majority of Americans.
For decades, Alaskans have fought about subsistence - who should have access to fish and game, and when.  It is obvious we need to make some changes.  But if changing the federal regulations on subsistence were easy, we would have changed them a long time ago.  The fact of the matter is, finding a solution is hard.  This is about Alaska’s future, and what we have begun today is just the beginning of good and respectful dialogue on this issue.
I promised Alaskans that I would hold a Senate hearing on the issue of subsistence last year.  Many Alaskans came out an participated in two listening sessions earlier this year to make sure their voices were included on the record, and this morning we are bringing the issue to Capitol Hill in the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee.  We’re live-streaming it on the web right now for everyone who wants to watch:
Enjoyed talking with Ohio Aerospace Institute about continuing Ohio's leadership in aviation and space this morning.
In case you missed it:  Earlier this morning, I appeared on America's Newsroom with Bill Hemmer to discuss the importance of defunding Obamacare.  Watch the interview here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GV_VhMRKTg
In his floor speech today, Sen. Sessions discussed Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke's pumping:  “Many are concerned that the Federal Reserve is furthering the national wealth gap. Their 'quantitative easing' has boosted wealth in the investor class but has not benefitted the working class. This is not the way our policies should work. People who know what to do with low interest money seem to be coming out ahead, but the people who don’t have money, don’t have jobs, working part time instead of full time are slipping.”
Excerpt from Sen. Sessions' floor speech on the state of the U.S. economy:   “It’s time for us to defend working Americans and their undeniably legitimate concerns… We’ve got to ask ourselves if we should bring into our country, through our immigration policy, more people than we have jobs for? Won’t that pull down wages and make it harder for people to get work? Shouldn’t we defend our workers more effectively against unfair trade from around the world? There should be bipartisan support for both of those policies…  The road we are on today leads to the continued erosion of civil society, the continued expansion of the welfare state, and the permanent entrenchment of a political class that profits from the growth of government. It is time that we recognized both the disastrous conditions facing working Americans and the moral obligation we have to replace government dependency with the freedom and dignity that comes from work and independence.”
“I have directed my staff on the Budget Committee to conduct a detailed analysis of the economic conditions facing working Americans: their wages, their employment, their household finances. I will give a series of talks over the coming weeks looking at their financial condition and the state of our nation economically…  It’s not just the unemployment rate, which remains too high at 7.3 percent… It’s the number of people we all know who are working well below their potential because nothing is available that uses their job skills… You have to go back to 1995 to find median household income that is lower than it is today…Our civil society today has certain weaknesses that we need to discuss…  It is time that we recognized both the disastrous conditions facing working Americans and the moral obligation we have to replace government dependency with the freedom and dignity that comes from work and independence.”
Ranking Member Sessions will be speaking on the Senate floor TODAY during the 12:00 o’clock hour to deliver the first in a series of speeches analyzing the state of the American economy. Today’s speech will present evidence on the deteriorating conditions facing working American households, including wages, employment, and social circumstances. You can watch live here:
President Barack Obama told business leaders today that he wants close cooperation between his government and their companies.  “We want to be a consistent partner with you on a whole range of issues,” he told the D.C.-based Business Roundtable, an association for the CEOs of major U.S. companies, which, combined have more than $7.3 trillion in annual revenues and employ nearly 16 million people.  The proposed partnership would have CEOs lobby Congress for passage of Obama’s goals, including passage of a Senate bill that triples the rate of immigration to add 33 million immigrants over the next decade, and passage of a budget that doesn’t cut Obamacare’s federally-run health-care system, Obama suggested.  “It is going to be important for all of you, I think, over the next several weeks to understand what’s at stake and to make sure that you are using your influence in whatever way you can,” said Obama.
NA
Thank you to MUSC-Children's Hospital and Chasity for the awesome birthday wishes. The strength and spirit of the kids at MUSC is truly inspirational.
On #TalkLikeAPirateDay, the South Carolina delegation calls on U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz to honor the administration's commitments to #SouthCarolina, visit S-ARRR-S  http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-leads-bi-partisan-south-carolina-congressional-delegation-calling
On the Senate floor, I made the case to repeal the Renewable Fuel Standard, a law that drives up the cost of gasoline and groceries, and harms the environment and the economy. The RFS requires fuel suppliers to blend millions of gallons of biofuels – most often corn ethanol – into our gasoline supplies. It drives up gas prices, increases food costs, damages car engines, harms our environment, and hurts job creation. This is the government using corporate welfare to shower favors on a privileged industry and then send the bill to the general public.
Heading down to the Senate floor to talk about wasteful ethanol subsidies. Congress needs to fight this corporate welfare which is destroying PA jobs.
