NA
I visited with Rehab Solutions’ Drs. Dustin and Heather Martinson in Gillette on Nov. 3. I learned about their unique ways of treating patients to heal them quicker with lower cost. #WyoWorks
It is the entrepreneurs that are the job creators in our communities, but only 8 percent of people in America aspire to start their own business. I was proud and impressed to talk to the Gillette Chamber of Commerce 2014 Young Entrepreneur Academy class on November 3. Each individual in the academy comes up with a business idea and works on a business plan. The goal is for the student to launch their business by the end of the program. It is our young entrepreneurs that we must rely on to move our country forward. #WyoWorks
Stopped by Unker's Multi-Purpose Therapeutic Products in Upton on my #WyoWorks tour to see how this successful company makes their pain relief and personal care products. Proudly owned and run by women, the company recently sponsored a NASCAR driver Mike Wallace. Thanks to Diana McMillan, Joyce Allen, Sharon Mann, Bridget Hodson and George Materi for the tour on October 31.
Our state’s natural beauty and amazing recreational opportunities draw millions of people from around the world. I visited Deluxe Harley Davidson in Sundance on October 31 to see how they are working with the Wyoming Department of Tourism to develop innovative plans that benefit businesses, local economies and our state. Thanks to Manager Ron Gillis and Owners Chuck & Maria Ruiz for the tour on October 31. #WyoWorks
If PresObama couldn't pass immigration in 09&10 w super Demo majorities how can he in good faith criticize Republicans PresO campaignPromise
PresObama criticize Republicans for not passing immigration In 2008 he promised voters to so do He had super majorities 09$10 and no new law
UNI volleyball is serious 4me  but to those of u who vomit abt those tweets here r FACTS:income inequality Read WStJ 11/12 Gramm/Solon oped
UNI wins match ovr Indiana St 3/1
3rd set indianaSt ovr UNI 27/25
Indiana St not playing well like when beat UNI there.  2set UNI ovr sycamores  25/12
UNI ovr indianaSt 25/20. First set. Indiana is tough. Beat UNI there 3/1
This week’s highlighted Five Civilized Tribe is the Chickasaw Nation. Here are five fast facts about this tribe:  -The Chickasaw Nation in Oklahoma is the 13th largest federally recognized tribe in the United States.  -Oklahoma’s own Congressman Tom Cole is a Chickasaw Nation citizen.  -T.W. Shannon, the youngest and first African American Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives, is an enrolled member of the Chickasaw Nation.  -Tishmoingo, Oklahoma is named after Chief Tishomoingo, who lived from 1734 to 1838. He received the Silver Medal from President George Washington. He was known for his exemplary leadership and high moral standards.  -John Herrington from Wetumka, Oklahoma is a citizen of the Chickasaw nation. He took his Chickasaw nation pride all the way to space on an eleven-day mission on November 23,2002, where he proudly displayed the Chickasaw nation flag.
I continued my Kansas Listening Tour in Riley this morning. More than 30 area residents met at the Riley Centre to discuss a number of issues including veterans affairs, Fort Riley, NBAF, and the need to keep jobs and businesses in America. I appreciated the informative discussion and all who attended. Special thanks to Doris Fritz for helping arrange my visit.
Alaskans---the Northern Lights will be dancing this weekend! UAF Geophysical Institute forecasts auroral activity and this weekend predicts active displays overhead across the entire state -- as far south as Ketchikan! Even friends in the Lower 48 should be able to see displays on the horizon. And with warmer temperatures being felt across the state, it provides a great time to get out and look up!
Exciting news out of Coshocton with Kraft's announcement of a $40 million investment & 300 job expansion.
In case you missed it- I appeared on HBO's Real Time with Bill Maher last night to discuss Criminal Justice reform, Conservative Realism, and more.  WATCH: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBRlpzT5soc&feature=youtu.be
