Today I am celebrating Gold Star Wives Day, a day to honor the members of Gold Star Wives of America, a volunteer organization that has assisted widows and survivors of fallen military members since it was founded in 1945, and thank them for their untiring efforts and support.   Click like to show your support.
This week's column is on why the Senate Majority's budget plan fell far short of what we need to get our fiscal house in order.
Thank you University of Arkansas & Dale Bumpers College of Agricultural, Food and Life Sciences for having me as a speaker at your "Food for Thought" lecture series.
Doing some last minute prep for my speech to Dale Bumpers College of Agricultural, Food and Life Sciences students today. I'm sure they'll have some excellent questions for the q&a session.
Some big news for those interested in ending Joseph Kony's reign of terror in central Africa. The State Dept.'s announcement this week was made possible by a bipartisan effort here in the Senate. Follow the link to learn more.
NA
NA
The news from the U.S. Department of Transportation’s Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) that it will delay the closures of all 149 federal contract air traffic control towers until June 15 is welcome news for airport towers in Idaho, but now we must find a long-term solution.
NA
The Administration That Cried Wolf  WASHINGTON –Leading up to sequestration, President Obama and members of his Administration traveled the country on a scare campaign, warning of “falling-sky” scenarios if the sequester went into place. More than a month later, many of the worst-case scenarios have yet to come to pass. Which claim will be proven false next?   CLAIM… Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said the Federal Aviation Administration Would Close 149 Air Traffic Control Towers. “‘We heard from communities across the country about the importance of their towers and these were very tough decisions,’ LaHood said in a statement. ‘Unfortunately we are faced with a series of difficult choices that we have to make to reach the required cuts under sequestration,’ LaHood said.” (Reuters, 3/22/13)   …REALITY FAA Delays Air Traffic Control Tower Closings. “The Federal Aviation Administration announced Friday it would delay until June 15 the closures of 149 air traffic control towers slated to be shut down starting this Sunday. The goal is to give communities time to decide whether they will assume the costs of operating the towers, the agency said.” (The Washington Post, 4/5/13)  CLAIM… Customs and Border Protection Employees Were Warned of Potential Furloughs. “The CBP workforce includes customs and border agents who do a wide range of work at the country's airports, seaports and land border crossings. All of the agency's front-line employees as well as managers and supervisors will be eligible for furloughs under sequestration.” (The Huffington Post, 3/7/13)  …REALITY Customs and Border Protection Decided to Re-Examine Planned Furloughs. “Customs and Border Protection will re-examine plans to furlough Border Patrol agents and make other painful personnel cuts, according to a short statement posted Monday to the federal agency’s internal website.  What, exactly, the statement means for rank-and-file Border Patrol agents isn’t clear.” (The Monitor, 4/1/13)   CLAIM… Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano Told Reporters That Major Airports Had Seen Lines Ballooning To 150-200 Percent Their Normal Size. “On Monday, Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told reporters that major airports had seen lines ballooning to 150-200 percent their normal size.” (CBS News, 3/6/13)  …REALITY Officials From A Dozen Major Airports Reported That There Were No Noticeable Impacts On Wait Times Due To The Sequester. “On Monday, however, officials representing a dozen major airports said there were few if any unusual flight delays or lines at security or customs checkpoints.” (The Wall Street Journal, 3/5/13)  CLAIM… Obama Said That Janitors At The U.S. Capitol Would Receive A Pay Cut Due To The Sequester Cuts. “Starting tomorrow, everybody here…The janitors, the security guards, they just got a pay cut, and they've got to figure out how to manage that.  That’s real.” (President Barack Obama, Remarks On The Sequester, Washington, D.C., 3/1/13)  …REALITY Obama’s Claim Immediately Prompted The Superintendent Of The U.S. Capitol Building to Email All Of His Employees Clarifying That “This Is NOT TRUE.”  (CBS News, 3/6/13)  CLAIM… During A Press Briefing With White House Press Secretary Jay Carney, Education Secretary Arne Duncan Made Remarks On The Sequester That Included A Claim That Teachers Were Already Getting Pink Slips. (Press Briefing, Washington, D.C., 2/27/13)  …REALITY Duncan Later Recanted Statement. “‘When I said ‘pink slips’ that was probably the wrong word,’ Duncan told reporters at a news conference related to the sequester. ‘Language matters, and I need to be very, very clear.’” (The Washington Post, 3/4/13)
Poorest children in America, once again, denied school choice enjoyed by the wealthiet
Austin leads nation in job growth
POTUS to release his proposed budget next week - 2 months late.
The good, the bad, and the ugly on the unemployment rate: declined to 7.6%, but due entirely to the collapse in the labor force participation rate, which declined to 63.3%, a new 30 year low.
KTRE: Cornyn Seeks Clarification on Arming Fed Prosecutors:
Enjoyed meeting with Mark Zuckerberg at Facebook and with execs at Google about social media and technology issues.
Terrific crowd of Austinites for a discussion about how we bring back economic growth to our nation.
I look forward to working alongside Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) to help address the needs and concerns of our nation’s Air Force, and to keep our colleagues informed on Air Force matters.
I hope you’ll join me for my annual Inventors Conference, “From Your Garage to the Assembly Line,” that will be held in Sheridan on April 20. The conference is an opportunity to learn how to turn your invention dreams into a reality. Wyoming inventors and other speakers will be there to discuss securing patents, developing business plans and marketing products. The conference is free and I highly encourage any one of any age to register. I hope to see you there! Click the link below to learn how to register.
Advice to my grandkids tip #2: Do what is right. Do your best. Treat others as THEY wish to be treated. These three principles guide me and my staff daily as we work for the people of Wyoming.
NA
Wednesday I listened to the stories of children and adults from the Nebraska JDRF Heartland Chapter affected by Type 1 Diabetes (T1D) and we discussed the Special Diabetes Program bill renewal. JDRF (Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation) is the largest supporter of T1D research as they continue to "walk" for a cure. Get involved in the Lincoln and Omaha areas by participating in the "Walk to Cure Diabetes," click here: 
 http://www2.jdrf.org/site/PageServer?ts=1365092087821&pagename=walk_event_list&state=NE
Wapello begins the day with Sen Grassley
Grassley Reacts To GAO Report On Political Intelligence
Grassley:  U.S. Air Force Academy Selects McClelland Student
#99countymeetings I didn't use this hash tag for my tweets on the 30 different counties but all tweets were abt those meetings
Senator not pleased with Department of Labor's handling of Job Corps program
57 ppl- Bloomfield. Qs abt Guns, ATFdirector, F&F, SS, not trusting Pres, UNtreaty on guns, immigration, mil cuts, P.O., EPAregs, drones&VA
Grassley questions profits from discount drug program - The Hill's Healthwatch
Today’s jobs report proves yet again that economic growth is far too slow. The percentage of Americans participating in the labor force fell to the lowest in nearly thirty-four years. Nearly one-quarter of all Nevadans are either underemployed or have given up looking for work altogether. The status quo is simply unacceptable, which means Washington must be willing to take a critical look at current policies and make the hard decisions that will get our economy back on track. I remain committed to turning things around and look forward to working with members of both parties as we move forward to secure opportunities and a brighter future for generations to come. http://1.usa.gov/17h8hTQ
See my interview with ABC 7 Chicago on stopping illegal weapons that fuel the drug gangs terrorizing our communities.
The universal background check bill that we are debating in the Senate doesn't keep guns out of the hands of criminals, it potentially turns every law-abiding American with a gun in their hand into a criminal.   As Americans learn more about what gun control advocates mean when they say "universal background check," the more Americans will recognize that these proposals punish and restrict the freedom of law-abiding citizens.  Please share this article with your friends and family members who have been led to believe that the universal background check proposals we are considering in the Senate don't violate their individual liberty.  They do violate your liberty, while doing nothing to keep guns out of the hands of criminals.
NA
“I just know debate taught me how to think, not just how to speak.” —Elijah Smith  Congrats to Ryan Wash and Elijah Smith of Emporia State University who became the first team ever to win both national tournaments: the Cross Examination Debate Association (CEDA) national tournament and the National Debate Tournament. Read more about their success via the link below.
Today I reached out with the rest of the Alaska Delegation to the leaders of the House and Senate on the topic of immigration reform.  Inspired by the words of our First Alaskans, we expressed our hope that the bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform bill being drafted by our colleagues be brought to the floor of our respective bodies for consideration this session. We believe this legislation should secure our border, streamline our legal immigration system and provide a clear and responsible path to citizenship for those already here.
This is scary stuff.  The truth is, we don’t know the full effects of the Japanese earthquake and tsunami on our state.  As scientists study this issue further, it’s another reminder that Alaska is on the front lines and we need to be prepared for even more tsunami debris washing up on our shores this summer.  That’s part of the reason I have called on the federal government to form an interagency task force- to study the tsunami from several angles.
Read the op-ed I penned today in the Washington Times regarding mandatory minimums.  Judges will tell you that mandatory minimums don’t actually do anything to keep us safer. In fact, judges will tell you that mandatory minimums do much harm to taxpayers and to individuals, who may have their lives ruined for a simple mistake or minor lapse of judgment.  http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/apr/5/minimizing-authority-of-judges/
Given pending legal challenges and questions about the safety and efficiency of air traffic control tower closures, many of them in Kansas, the FAA announced it will delay the planned closures. This analysis should have been done prior to implementing these scare tactics. I urge the FAA to make safety its highest priority and find the savings elsewhere.
Congratulations to BNSF, the Allen Group, KDOT, Johnson County and the city of Edgerton for great progress on Logistics Park Kansas City. I look forward to this innovative intermodal facility opening in October, and the $1 billion of investment and thousands of jobs it will generate in the Kansas economy.
Sessions issued the following statement today after the jobs report was released:  “Today’s jobs report reveals that 90 million Americans are now outside the labor force. We need to be getting Americans back to work, helping people move off of food stamps and welfare, and find good jobs with steady incomes. But the comprehensive immigration bill being drafted right now would provide nearly immediate work authorization to millions of illegal immigrants while substantially increasing the future flow of workers. Our first priority must be to help American citizens, and current legal immigrants, find good employment. What we cannot have, and what is not sustainable, is an economic system where a large and growing share of our population is permanently unemployed while jobs are filled by a constant supply of foreign workers.”
Click here to see the letter sent today from Republicans to the Gang of Eight:
Sen. Sessions spoke at the Montgomery Chamber Breakfast yesterday and delivered remarks on the economy, budget, and defense while praising the Montgomery area for their strong leadership and economic growth:
The Red Tape Tower (7 feet tall!) shows the regulatory burden placed on families and small businesses by Obamacare.
