Senator Ayotte and members of the New Hampshire congressional delegation hosted Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Martin Dempsey, at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and Pease Air National Guard Base.
Between now and the fall, millions of American students are trying to decide whether or not they can afford to go to college. That’s why I’ve co-sponsored the "Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act,” to give students more certainty and access to lower rates. This long-term solution is very close to the president’s proposal and I hope Majority Leader Harry Reid will bring this bill to the floor for a vote immediately.
Army Specialist Robert A. Pierce, who grew up in Mansfield, Arkansas, was killed in action on June 3, 2013 in Afghanistan while serving in Operation Enduring Freedom. Please take a moment to watch my speech honoring his life and sacrifice here.
It’s an honor and a privilege to visit with and thank Wyoming troops serving overseas. We can all be proud of the remarkable work the 133rd is doing to defend our freedom. All of the soldiers I talked to wanted me to let folks at home know they’re well, they’re getting everything they need, and look forward to getting home to Wyoming
 
 During our visit, I reminded the troops that the people of Wyoming are extremely grateful for the sacrifices they make to keep us safe and free. In Wyoming, we can continue to show our support by including the families of those deployed in our family and community events.
NA
Weekly Op-Ed: During the U.S. Senate’s recent debate of the immigration reform bill, I heard from more than 2,000 Idahoans concerned about the legislation, including many of you on Facebook.  Immigration reforms are past due.  However, the Senate bill will not stop illegal immigration while ensuring fairness for current Americans and immigrants alike.  The legislation resembles past immigration reform laws that did nothing to change the problem of illegal immigration.  No person who breaks the law and enters the U.S. illegally should obtain any benefit toward either permanent legal residency or citizenship as a result of their illegal conduct.  This is unfair to American citizens and those entering through legal channels.  I hope that the U.S. House of Representatives will address the problems in the Senate version during its consideration of immigration reform legislation, which is expected later this month.
Under Governor Perry’s leadership, Texas has been a shining example that less government, lower taxes and fewer regulations helps to grow jobs and move our economy forward.  It’s a striking contrast to the big government, big spending, liberal mindset of the current Administration.
Sandy and I wish Gov. Perry and Anita the best, and I look forward to continuing to work with him on behalf of 26 million Texans.
The remarkable, inspiring story of Sen. Mark Kirk and his stroke recovery
AP: Cornyn, Schumer Move to Tighten Rules on States for Getting Absentee Ballots to Soldiers Abroad:
For Sam Houston fans:   9 p.m. Thursdays through July 25. Channel 18. www.klru.org.  The local PBS affiliate will broadcast “Sam Houston: American Statesman, Soldier and Pioneer,” a production of the Sam Houston Project, three Thursdays in July starting July 11. The documentary, all about the man who remains the only person in American history to have served as the governor of two states, features interviews and historical insights from current and former politicians, such as Senator John Cornyn and Governor Rick Perry. There are also period reenactments shot on location.
Rich Galen: "The U.S. Government announced that the Employer Mandate part of ObamaCare could just wait until January 1, 2015 instead of its scheduled launch on January 1, 2014.  It would have taken less time (3 years, 7 months) to defeat Japan in World War II than to implement ObamaCare (3 years, 9 months)."
In an op-ed in The Tennessean | Tennessean.com and The Leaf-Chronicle - TheLeafChronicle.com today, Senators Corker and Alexander write about their vote for the Senate immigration bill. “…[W]e were two of the 68 senators who voted for the immigration bill that takes the most dramatic steps in history to secure our border, ends perpetual amnesty, and encourages job creation… That’s the kind of immigration system a country that prizes the American Dream should have.” Read more here: http://tnne.ws/18IiBH1.
Like this license plate? 
 
 http://legalinsurrection.com/2013/07/yes-virginia-there-is-a-santa/
If President Obama will ignore the employer mandate in Obamacare, why wouldn't he ignore border security requirements in the immigration bill?
I was pleased to see the Senate unanimously confirm Wyoming Attorney General Greg Phillips to be a judge on the U.S. Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. Click below to read more.
I will be on KLIN at 5:10 pm CT to speak with Kevin Thomas about my recent trip through the Middle East. Tune in here: http://player.tritondigital.com/2981
In case you missed it, I have launched a monthly e-newsletter “Fischer’s Monthly Record” to help keep Nebraskans updated on important issues before the Senate. Be sure to visit my website http://fischer.senate.gov to sign up to receive these e-updates from my office and read the June edition of the “Monthly Record” here. http://fischer.enews.senate.gov/common/mailings/?id=4
Grassley Receives Champion for Children Award
Q&A on the Death Tax
I am grateful that FEMA Federal Emergency Management Agency granted Governor Brian Sandoval's request for assistance fighting the Carpenter Fire. This will hopefully provide some relief in the continued efforts to contain the blaze. My staff and I are monitoring the situation and are committed to working with the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Agriculture, the state of Nevada and members of the community to help direct federal resources to the region. http://1.usa.gov/16kc2Ew
Staff received a briefing from officials battling the Carpenter Canyon Fire.
 
 My thoughts and prayers continue to be with everyone affected by all of the fires burning across the Silver State. Thanks to Nevada's emergency personnel for their continued efforts and bravery.
If you missed my CBS Sunday Morning interview about my stroke recovery and why rehab works, you can watch it here. Please share your recovery stories with me below.
In this week's Kansas Common Sense: the Administration delays the ACA employer mandate, federal student loan interest rates double, family-owned businesses are thriving in Pittsburg, thanking veterans on Independence Day, and more.
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of those killed in the Soldotna plane crash yesterday.  This is being called one of the worst aviation accidents in the last 25 years in our state, but anytime we lose someone in the air is a tragedy.  I know Alaskans will pull together and help the families of these 10 people any way we can.
I gave my maiden speech on the #Senate floor today - you can watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGfEq2wpjuo  #southcarolina #education #smallbiz
Heading to give my maiden speech on the Senate floor a little after 2PM. You can watch on CSPAN-2 or stream live at cspan.org #southcarolina
This morning, my regional manager for Erie, Sheila Sterrett, met with members of the grassroots group Energy Citizens.
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, with Mike Toledo, Executive Director of Centro Hispano Daniel Torres of Reading with recent grads of the Center’s 2013 Academic Summer Enrichment Camp at Albright College in Reading.
Congrats to author and Pittsburgh native David McCullough for being recognized by Allegheny County and having the 16th Street Bridge renamed in his honor. I just finished reading his book "The Johnstown Flood," a fascinating read on a resilient and proud PA community.
Good morning PA. Going on with NewsTalk WAEB AM 790's Bobby Gunther Walsh at 8:45. Hope you can tune in!
Wicker Report: In a recent speech on climate change, President Obama confirmed what many of his critics have long alleged:  Rather than advancing a truly “all-of-the-above” energy strategy, his Administration is determined to wage an all-out war on coal.  Leading the charge is the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), which the President has recruited to launch costly new rules and restrictions in a bold display of executive overreach.   Read more by clicking the link below.
