Today, Senator Ayotte announced she is supporting bipartisan legislation to reform our broken immigration system.  Read her op-ed here.
Could it be "poison pill" charges vs immigration amendments one hasn't read are themselves a "poison pill" dooming immigration reform to defeat?  Why not let Senate and House do their job?
I don't understand those who profess desire to reform broken immigration system but who oppose sensible security measures.  Not going to happen.
In Japan, if interest rates on its bonds rise to a mere 2.2%, 80% of tax revenues will go just to pay the interest on their debt. At a 245% debt-to-GDP ratio, they are in desperate straits, and they know it. (courtesy of John Mauldin)
We have discovered over the past few months an ongoing pattern of wanton disregard not only for Americans' privacy, but for the truth – DOJ's refusal to be forthcoming about drone policy, IRS's targeting groups for their political beliefs and then misleading the American people about it, DOJ's targeting of journalists for doing their jobs, and now what seems an unprecedented intrusion into Americans' personal phone records and potentially into their broader online activities.
Today I enjoyed giving remarks at the rededication of the meditation chapel at Rock Springs 4-H Center. In addition to supporting 4-H, Rock Springs provides a great setting for team building, personal development, learning and having fun. The chapel renovation was made possible through the generosity of numerous Kansans including the Lindquist Family, the Maley Family and Rahjes Family pictured with me here.
Saturday, America lost a true hero, and I lost a personal hero and good friend. During WW II, young airborne officer, Dick Seitz, led an airborne group by parachuting behind the German lines, destroying their targets and fighting their way back to the Allied forces. He and his paratroopers did this not once, not twice but three times. Dick Seitz never mentioned it---we had to research war records to find that out. He fought for his country in three wars. But a gentler, kinder, more helpful man never lived.  Rest easy, good friend.  There must be a special place for one who gave so much.  Many of us will miss you.  http://www.wibw.com/home/headlines/Well-Known-WWII-Veteran-Passes-Away-In-Junction-City-210750361.html
Rubio: “If we cannot secure the border, if we cannot take the necessary steps to earn our colleagues’ trust, this will never become law. We’re wasting our time. But I don’t think it will come to that.”
ICYMI: The Sunday edition of the Philadelphia Inquirer features an Op-Ed I wrote which requests that Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius modify a federal rule to use medical need and suitability, not age, to determine how organ donations are prioritized.  http://www.inquirer.com/opinion/20130609_Let_medical_need_decide_care.html?authenticate=y
