What do you want to hear from the Obama Administration regarding its response to #Ebola? I’ll be on NBC’s Meet the Press this Sunday with Chuck Todd to talk about this deadly outbreak.
As we were reminded this week with the third confirmed case of Ebola on American soil, we must do everything possible to contain this deadly disease at its source. Implementing reasonable travel restrictions is one way that #Ebola can and should be contained. I support a temporary suspension of travel visas for passengers traveling from impacted countries in West Africa, and I urge the president to implement these common-sense restrictions immediately.
In light of the federal government’s slow response, missteps and conflicting messages, the American people lack faith in the administration’s ability to respond to a public health emergency of this magnitude.   Therefore, I am pleased that President Obama recognizes the need for a point person in charge of the entire operation, but I do have concerns about his selection. Ron Klain has neither a logistics background nor an understanding of infectious diseases, two key components of ensuring a successful response to this crisis. Considering the enormous challenges ahead, in terms of preventing more Ebola cases from springing up in the United States as well as winning back the public’s confidence that Washington is prepared to respond, I sincerely hope he proves to be the right person for the job.   I believe the President needs a clear cut strategy to prevent the spread of Ebola. We need to be proactive and establish temporary travel restrictions for people entering the United States who have been to West African countries experiencing Ebola outbreaks. While the President has been resistant to this idea, the fact remains that more needs to be done to ensure public safety, and travel restrictions would be a commonsense place to start.
About to start final day of the #ARDefense tour. We finished the day yesterday with a great visit at Camp Robinson.
NA
NA
You can visit this page on my website if you're looking for information or resources related to Ebola:
NA
Rep. Matt Krause in the Texas Tribune: "Religious liberty and the freedom of conscience are bedrocks of American civilization."  #StandWithPastors
We don't need another so-called "czar"; we need presidential leadership. This is a public health crisis, and the answer isn't another White House political operative. The answer is a commander in chief who stands up and leads, banning flights from Ebola-afflicted nations and acting decisively to secure our southern border.   The Ebola outbreak shouldn't be treated as yet another partisan battle by the White House; rather, we should come together in bipartisan unity to take these common-sense steps to protect the American people.  And if the President will not act, if he will not lead, then Congress should immediately reconvene for an emergency session to enact a flight ban and take any other necessary measures to protect the health and safety of Americans.
It’s past time to act, and if the President will not, leaders of Congress should reconvene for an emergency session to impose a temporary flight ban on non-US passengers traveling from Ebola-afflicted nations.
Obama Admin reps don’t block Maduro’s brutal Castro-allied regime from joining UN Security Council. #SOSVenezuela
When folks are a little older it can be much harder to have the skills and confidence needed to re-enter the workforce. The Experience Works Program delivered across the state provides employment training for folks 55 and older to help improve their skills, and deliver a confidence boost that can aid participants in landing a new job. Thanks to Bruce Albers, Chuck Oswald, and Mike Myers, and those folks participating in the program in the Casper office for talking with me October 10 about the how the Experience Works Program operates. #WyoWorks
A surprise performance Oct. 10 by music instructors in the impressive Wheeler Concert Hall at Casper College was a beautiful experience. And the year-old concert hall itself is quite spectacular. A special thanks to Paula Flynn, Jennifer Cowell, and Veronica Turner for performing “Five Hebrew Love Songs” by Eric Whitacre. #WyoWorks
Students at Casper College now have the opportunity to work on medical dummies that breathe, blink and more, while training in health science classes. It’s valuable to have Casper College’s capabilities for health care workforce training expanded in this way. Thanks to Simulation Center Program Director David Bodily, MS, RN, and Dean of Health Science Tammy Frankland, PhD, for the tour October 10. #WyoWorks
Congrats to AmbKenQuinn &John Ruahfor outstanding 3day program at DesMoines World Food Prize honoring this year Prize winner Sanjaya Rajaram
Oklahoman: "Mulligan estimates about 3.6 percentage points more of the workforce will reduce their work hours to between 26 and 29 hours per week than what would occur if #Obamacare wasn’t the law.” #Repeal #Replace   http://newsok.com/health-care-law-winds-up-discouraging-work-upward-mobility/article/5356773
I appreciate DOT Sec. Anthony Foxx for taking a moment with me yesterday to talk to Oklahoma press about ways to mitigate an Ebola outbreak in the United States by putting stricter measures in place for commercial airline travel.    Read more here: http://www.news9.com/story/26808178/inhofe-transportation-secretary-talk-about-ebola-protocols-in-us
While campaigning in Atlanta earlier this week, I ran into the famous Mutt Cutts van promoting the Dumb and Dumber sequel - out Nov. 14!
Today, President Obama appointed an Ebola Response Coordinator. Without the right person in charge, I am concerned the President’s appointment of a political ally will only add to the bureaucratic inefficiencies that have plagued Ebola response efforts thus far. He must be able to cut through red tape and make unbiased decisions across multiple agencies – the buck has to stop with him. Unfortunately, the White House is treating this critical role like an appointment to be the “Green-Jobs Czar” or the “Great Lakes Czar” – political operatives with titles – not handling it with the seriousness it deserves. This is a real crisis and worthy of an individual with extensive background in international diplomacy, experience coordinating large-scale interagency missions, as well as a proven ability to work with Congress and across the aisle. The stakes are high and Americans need confidence that their government is working in their best interest.
It was good to be in Doniphan County today to visit with folks at Highland Community College. Our conversation focused on concerns with federal mandates and overregulation, as well as the importance of preserving rural Kansas. Thanks to Highland Community College President David Reist for attending and hosting the town hall meeting.
The view out my front door at Country Cabins north of Hiawatha. Next, I'm traveling to Highland for another Kansas Listening Tour Stop.
What a tremendous honor to participate in the #AKWomensSummit this morning in Anchorage with such strong, proud and empowered Alaska women.  Every day we should be asking ourselves how we can be better mentors to the next generation of female leaders and professionals!  We have a greater ability to build confidence in young women than we sometimes imagine.
Good new for Alaskans impacted by the federally-declared fisheries disasters of recent years: the first $7.5M in direct payments are on their way -- after I built a bipartisan 'Coastal Coalition' of lawmakers pushing for the help we deserve. Just because our disasters didn't make national news like Hurricane Sandy doesn't mean our communities were hurt any less. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9H7kzuZCrAw
I believe continuing to issue U.S. visas to nationals from Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone is reckless given the scope of the Ebola epidemic and potentially puts American lives at risk. Until we get this problem under control, the State Department should immediately stop issuing new visas to nationals of these affected countries.
Dear media, It's time to start getting your facts straight.   MUST-READ: http://dailycaller.com/2014/10/17/huffington-post-attacks-rand-paul-on-ebola-gets-it-horribly-wrong/
A lot of misinformation is coming from your government.   And the media.  This writer has the story straight.
NBC Miami: Rubio Urges Calm, Offers Plan For Ebola: http://youtu.be/GgdQ_2OXxkE
Rubio Comments On Ebola Response: http://1.usa.gov/1waXeYd  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding President Obama’s selection of Ron Klain to coordinate the U.S. government’s Ebola response, while also reiterating his call for a visa ban on travelers from affected countries:     “As I expressed on Wednesday, it’s important that the U.S. have someone officially in charge of coordinating the federal government’s response to the Ebola outbreak, both overseas and here at home. This is a complex challenge that must be addressed by a wide range of government agencies, and we need someone to make sure all the different pieces are working in concert to protect Americans and stop this outbreak.     “Already, concerns have been raised about the President’s choice. I hope Mr. Klain will come forward quickly with a set of concrete actions to reassure Americans that this administration is taking this situation seriously, including but not limited to common sense travel restrictions on individuals from the affected countries in West Africa.”
NA
Sen. Sessions today addressed the Ebola crisis and troubling new executive immigration orders issued by the Administration:  “Ebola is a health crisis. Yet the President has appointed as his new Ebola ‘czar’ a partisan loyalist whose expertise is politics—not health. One would think, faced with the prospect of an epidemic, the President would task an expert in epidemiology not an expert in political spin. Sound bites are not going to deter a single infection or save a single life. The American people can have zero confidence in Ron Klain’s competence to carry out this critical role.  At the senior levels of this government, in positions of extraordinary responsibility, the President has surrounded himself with loyalists—individuals who were selected precisely because they are not independent, will not tell the President ‘no’, and will not have any problem in feeding bogus political spin to the media.  The President’s Director of Health and Human Services, Sylvia Burwell, was promoted after refusing to answer even those most basic financial questions from Congress during her dismal tenure at the Office of Management and Budget. Burwell, a former campaign operative, was tasked with overseeing the nation’s healthcare system despite no consequential health care experience. Secretary Jeh Johnson was chosen to head the one of the largest and most important departments of government despite being a political lawyer with no relevant background. Johnson has devoted his short tenure not to strengthening enforcement but dismantling it. Just today—as American citizens face a jobs crisis, debt crisis, border crisis, security crisis, and now a health crisis—Secretary Johnson announced actions not to restore gutted enforcement, but further steps to open our borders. DHS is now extending what amounts to a perpetual amnesty to thousands of immigrants from Honduras and Nicaragua, while expediting immigration from Haiti at a time when we can’t keep track of the millions we are already admitting.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     The danger at this moment is profound. We need to be barring visas and travel from Ebola-impacted regions. Additionally, should there be an outbreak in Latin America, General John Kelly of SOUTHCOM has warned that it would cause a ‘mass migration’ from Latin America of those seeking free medical treatment in the United States. ‘If it breaks out, it’s literally Katie bar the door,’ he warned. Does anyone believe that this Administration is prepared to protect this country from such a scenario?  The Administration continues to refuse to implement even the most commonsense immigration controls to protect public health and public tax dollars. Mr. Klain’s appointment, unfortunately, suggests things will get worse—not better.”
My heart goes out to those infected with #Ebola and their families both in the United States and in West Africa. This is a terrible virus, and one the world must come together to stop.    As infections continue to spread here in the United States, the trust of the American people has been shaken by the administration’s response thus far. It is clear that a temporary travel ban for foreign nationals traveling from Ebola-stricken nations in West Africa should be put in place. The President has the authority to do so, and we have seen that airport screenings and self-reporting simply are not enough.  My full statement here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-we-need-temporary-travel-ban-ebola-stricken-nations
In case you missed it: Yesterday the Nuclear Regulatory Commission released a report saying that Yucca Mountain would be a safe depository for nuclear waste for up to a million years.  It is clear the administration must stop delaying Yucca. South Carolina has agreed to temporarily hold some of this material with the understanding that a permanent solution would be found, and our state alone has contributed more than a billion dollars towards the Yucca Mountain project.   My full statement here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-tim-scott-statement-yucca-mountain
Had a great time meeting with homeschooling families and discussing their successes and challenges.  Thanks for coming out!
Happy Friday, PA! Check out what I've been up to this week in my latest newsletter. http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=newsletters&id=1431
The Ebola outbreak is a serious issue, and I believe we should tighten restrictions for travel to the United States from affected regions. I wrote a letter to HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell asking why the Administration opposes a travel ban. http://1.usa.gov/1rH6YUJ
October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month.  Please take a look at this op-ed by my wife, Kris, about the importance of knowing your family health history. #Prevention
