IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Check out Saturday’s editorial in the Wall Street Journal: “A Jobs Fillip: Some hopeful hiring signs, except for ObamaCare's incentives to employ part-timers.” The editorial board writes: “Employers will soon have to offer health-insurance or pay a penalty for full-time workers, which the health law defines as anyone who works at least 30 hours a week. Many small businesses appear to be limiting their employees to fewer than 30 hours, perhaps with job-sharing or even by splitting employees with other employers. This is a hardship for workers who want to earn more and a needless complication for businesses that need the labor.” Read more: http://tinyurl.com/bs2wqp3
 
 Sen. Alexander made a similar argument at an April 24 hearing in the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education to HHS Secretary Sebelius. Please follow this link to read more from that hearing, where Alexander said Obamacare's definition of a full-time workweek as 30 hours or more was “providing a disincentive for full-time employment.”  http://tinyurl.com/c53qz5q
Senator Ayotte spoke on the Senate floor about bipartisan legislation she introduced today with Sen. Patty Murray (D-WA) to combat sexual assault in the military.  Click below to watch video.
Congratulations to Mariah Larocque of Derry & Anne McLeod of Windham - this year's 2013 Prudential Spirit of Community top youth volunteers in New Hampshire.
Senator Ayotte and Senator Patty Murray (D-WA) today are introducing legislation to combat sexual assault in the military and provide greater resources to victims.  Read more here: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=940
The number of skeptics of President Obama’s health care law is growing. Find out which of my Democrat colleagues have serious concerns about the implementation of ObamaCare.
NA
Watch my appearance on last night’s NC Now where I discuss sequestration, homeless veterans, and other legislative priorities for the 113th Congress.
More CrowdHall questions answered. This round includes immigration, tax reform, DHS's ammunition purchases, Benghazi & foreign aid which join the already answered online sales tax, Obamacare & Social Security/Medicare questions. I'll post more of them tomorrow, but in the meantime, head on over to see all the answers.
The ammunition shortage should not come at a cost to our Second Amendment right.
The ammunition shortage should not come at a cost to our Second Amendment right.
I had the pleasure of meeting Rachel Ehlers (left) from Newcastle and Darlee Hyatt (right) from Riverton today. Rachel and Darlee are the Wyoming recipients of The Prudential Spirit of Community Award which is given to students for outstanding volunteer service. These two volunteered their time and helped raise money for cancer research and veterans. They have set great examples for all of us.
Indiana leading the Midwest! Report says Hoosier state ranks among best states in the country for business.
Earlier today, I stepped out of the U.S. Senate Banking hearing to visit with Abigail and Katie.  These young ladies are Idaho’s top youth volunteers of 2013 and have received The Prudential Spirit of Community Award for their service.  Abigail and Katie are a great example for all Idahoans.
Last night, I voted against the Marketplace Fairness Act.  Marketplace Fairness is a states’ rights bill that would lead to pro-growth tax policies that focus on consumption.  I voted against the bill because there was not an open amendment process to allow for needed improvements.  Amendments were not allowed to protect Idaho small businesses and clarify that the bill wouldn’t lead to a tax on online financial transactions.  I will continue to monitor this bill as it now goes to the U.S. House of Representatives for consideration.
Rio Grande Valley sector of border patrol on Monday detained 700 immigrants at border, 400 of which are OTMs, mainly from Central America.
PHOTO: Great speaking to the Bryan/College Station Chamber of Commerce today:
Enjoyed the opportunity to visit with the Bryan/College Station Chamber of Commerce this afternoon!
I was delighted to meet two inspiring young women today, My’Kah Knowlin of Lincoln & Alexandra Baxter of Omaha. Both were honored with The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards for outstanding volunteer service.
The Cornhusker State ranks 9th for the best states for retirement. Here are a few key reasons why "The Good Life" made the top 10: http://www.bankrate.com/finance/retirement/best-states-for-retirement.aspx#slide=3
Happy National Teacher Appreciation Day! So thankful for the teachers in Nebraska and across the country working hard every day to provide students with the invaluable gift of education. Share a story about a favorite teacher who had a positive influence on your life.
I think the dam is about to break on Benghazi. We're going to find a system failure before, during, and after the attacks.   We're going to find political manipulation seven weeks before an election. We're going to find people asleep at the switch when it comes to the State Department, including Hillary Clinton.  The bond that has been broken between those who serve us in harms way and the government they serve is huge — and to me every bit as damaging as Watergate.
Thanks to Microsoft bill gates for briefing republican caucus on his foundation efforts eradicate polio in world  quite humanitarian he is
Today I joined Senator Sheldon Whitehouse to help end breast cancer.  It’s hard to find someone whose life has not been touched by breast cancer. By establishing a commission to help end breast cancer by 2020, it is my hope that we can help save the lives of countless women and unlock the answers to finally defeating this disease. This bill is a step in the right direction, and I am pleased that Members of Congress were once again able to come together in a bipartisan effort to help end breast cancer once and for all  Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/12RfuEH
Congresswoman Colleen Hanabusa and I introduced a bill today that will help Filipino Veterans receive benefits they are owed.  Learn about it here: http://1.usa.gov/YCVnOX
“This is a partnership that will protect and benefit hundreds of thousands of people in both North Dakota and Minnesota. It’s a federal-state-local partnership for both states, and we need to move it ahead. We need to put the cost and hardship of annual flood fights behind us.”
Students Nicolette Cariveau of Grand Forks and Lyndsey Scheurer of Bismarck are representing North Dakota very well at the 18th Annual Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. They were selected to represent our state because of their extensive community service. Congratulations to both of these remarkable young women.
Tomorrow the House Oversight Committee will be looking further into what happened at our U.S. consulate in Benghazi on 9/11/12, and I expect it will only validate what I’ve been saying all along; this was clearly a cover-up. Testimonies and hearings since the event have proven that everyone knew within hours that this was a preplanned, premeditated attack. Yet, the Obama Administration sent out Ambassador Rice with scrubbed talking point to five major Sunday shows to blame an anti-Islam video.  Prior to this false blame, the video only had a few thousand views and had not yet been translated into anything but English. Blaming this video instead of telling the truth was potentially the main driver behind the heightened disruption and violence that broke out across multiple Muslim countries in the days preceding the Libya event. The Administration, in a careful and calculated manner purposely, misled the American people, and it’s a shame.   http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/may/7/john-bolton-benghazi-could-bring-down-obama-admini/#.UYkmAm8E8QY.facebook
I have heard from a large number of constituents across the state regarding news reports that the Pentagon is prosecuting Christians for promoting their faith. Oklahomans and service members' concerns are understandable when the President has used the defense department over the past few years as the battleground for pushing his liberal social agenda.   The DOD did inform my office last week that they have not and will never single out a particular religious group for persecution or prosecution and that service members are free to share and evangelize their faith. My staff will continue to monitor to ensure this is the case and will investigate any incident where a service member reports being unfairly treated on the basis of his or her religion. It is morally important that our men and women in uniform who fight for our freedoms are also respected and their Constitutional right to practice their faith is protected.
Thanks to all our teachers who work tirelessly to give our kids the tools and inspiration to pursue their dreams.
During my trip to Illinois last week I sat down with Fox 32 to discuss my goal to limit violent drug gangs like the Gangster Disciples. Here is the interview in case you missed it.
To learn more about my work while traveling in Illinois last week, sign up for my newsletter here:
Disturbing news regarding Dr. Shakil Afridi.  We should cut military aid to Pakistan until he is released.
Should Senator Ted Cruz be considered a "bully" for blocking Senator Reid from authorizing a secret back room budget deal that could have increased taxes or increased the debt ceiling?
The facts of the Gosnell case are disturbing and heartbreaking.  It should be a wake-up call to all Americans. The lack of oversight at abortion facilities puts women’s lives at risk and leads to the kind of unconscionable practices we have seen recently.  The Senate should formally recognize that this is a problem in our country and we have a responsibility to investigate the causes, review the effects of certain public policies, and determine what we can do to prevent any woman from being subjected to these reprehensible practices again.
On this National Teacher Appreciation Day, we honor the hard working men and women who teach our children every day in our schools.
McConnell on Obamacare: "The law-abiding citizens of this country shouldn't have to pray for leniency from their own government. Last I checked, government existed to assist the public, not to antagonize it. Look: after ramming the law through Congress the way he did – ignoring the warnings that all these things would happen, ignoring the will of the American people – honesty and transparency is the very least President Obama owes the American people at this point. What he really needs to do, actually, is join with Republicans in agreeing to repeal this job-killing law. He needs to acknowledge the need to scrap it and replace it with the types of common-sense reforms that will lower costs. Because it’s not working."
I met two amazing Alaska kids today: Shaylee Rizzo of Kenai and Samuel Allred of Wasilla.  They were were named top youth volunteers in Alaska for 2013 by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards, and today I got to spend a little time with them on Capitol Hill.
The Interior Dept. wants Alaska to pay for the cleanup of the mess it left in the NPR-A, and frankly, that’s an insult to the people of Alaska.  There is no doubt in my mind that these Legacy Wells are the federal government’s responsibility and today I demanded answers from Sec. Sally Jewell about who she thinks should pay:
Love this story!  It shows the power of a very motivated group of Rural Alaskan young people and the internet.  The students at Bethel Regional High School wouldn't settle for just a Skype conversation after they took the top prize in a national education challenge, and now, they are going to get a very special visit:
We shouldn't force at-risk youth experiencing what most of us would call homelessness to find a homeless shelter before they can get back on the path to employment.  I am so glad the Dept. of Labor listened and amended the rigid definition of “homeless” to be more flexible to accommodate all forms of homelessness for at-risk youth for all Job Corps centers around the country.
Ohio is the most-improved state in the nation according to a survey of CEOs regarding best states with which to do business. Credit balanced budgets, eliminating deficits, tax cuts and aggressive economic development efforts. Washington should look to Ohio as an example.
Headed over to the Peter G. Peterson Foundation Fiscal Summit to talk debt/deficit with Chuck Todd  - tune in here: www.fiscalsummit.com.
A lot of answered prayers in Cleveland for the safe return of Amanda, Gina and Michelle. More prayers needed as healing process begins.
Last night, I sat down with KET's Bill Goodman and Rep. John Yarmuth here in Washington for a special broadcast of Kentucky Tonight. 
Yesterday, I issued a follow-up letter to Senate Democrat Leader Harry Reid (Nev.) urging him to refer the immigration bill to the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee (HSGAC) in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings last month.   Read my entire statement and the follow-up letter here: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=789
Rubio Welcomes Immigration Amendments As Vital To Bill’s Passage, Encourages Public Input: http://1.usa.gov/ZNBh2W
NA
Sen. Sessions remarked on the amendments he is filing to the Gang of Eight immigration bill ahead of the Judiciary Committee mark-up on Thursday:  “Unfortunately, members of the Senate Judiciary Committee have had less time to review this nearly 1,000-page bill than the special interests who wrote it behind closed doors.   The Gang of Eight plan fails to live up to every major promise of its sponsors. There’s no border fence. There is no practical back taxes requirement. And illegal aliens will become eligible for every federal benefit, costing taxpayer trillions. It undermines enforcement and weakens our lawful immigration system.  Some of the amendments I have filed try to repair the damage this bill does to enforcement, public safety, and national security. I have also offered amendments to close the many welfare loopholes in the proposal.  One particularly crucial amendment I have filed defends American workers. This bill would authorize a dramatic surge in permanent low-skill and chain migration—and would bring in millions more temporary foreign workers—at a time when 90 million Americans are outside the labor force and nearly 50 million are on food stamps. The result would be lower wages and more unemployment.  The amendment I have offered would cap the number of foreign workers granted admission to the country, and immigrants granted legal status, at approximately 30 million over a decade, with a shift to a more merit-based system over the low-skill surge in the proposed legislation. 30 million, while considerably lower than what the Gang of Eight has proposed, is still an extremely high number and must be reduced further. But this amendment is a starting point in scaling back the extraordinary and unacceptable future flow in this bill. Reasonable immigration levels are also necessary to promote assimilation.  Already, one of the bill’s chief sponsors has admitted it will have trouble in the Senate and can’t pass the House. If even the modest amendment I have offered fails, it is exceedingly difficult to see a way forward for this bill. There is simply no public support for a tripling of the immigration flow into this country as this legislation calls for.”
Sessions released the following statement today on the Heritage Foundation's report which found the Gang of Eight's immigration plan would impose $6.3 trillion in long-term net costs:  “The study released today by Heritage about the costs of the Gang of Eight’s proposed amnesty should be heeded by all lawmakers. The study puts to rest the contention that the bill will benefit American taxpayers, reduce our deficits, or strengthen our already endangered Social Security and Medicare programs. At a time when our nation’s major entitlements are already nearing bankruptcy, we cannot afford to add another $6.3 trillion in long-term net costs to already over-burdened state, local, and federal governments. Robert Rector, the chief author of the study, is the nation’s leading expert on welfare and one of the pioneers of welfare reform.  The granting of citizenship is a privilege, not a right, and our nation simply cannot afford to provide every benefit of citizenship—including unlimited access to our nation’s welfare and entitlement programs—to millions of illegal immigrants and visa overstays who will draw more from these programs than they pay in.  In addition to these enormous long-term costs, the Heritage report shows this proposal will also take a great toll on American workers. It proposes to drastically increase the future flow of legal immigration over the next decade—providing 30 million immigrants with legal status in addition to 27 million temporary work permits that will be issued—which will reduce Americans’ wages and job prospects.  This bill may be good for the special interests who helped write it. But it’s bad for workers, bad for taxpayers, and fails to serve the national interest.”
Click here to see a link to the Heritage Foundation report that shows the cost of amnesty to taxpayers will be $6.3 trillion:
On National Teacher Appreciation Day, thank you to my teachers, and to all those who have committed their lives to education. You are making a difference in our kids' lives everyday.
Congratulations to Olivia Baddley of Simpsonville and Emma McDaniel of Inman on getting the Prudential Spirit of Community Award! Thanks for all your hard work helping others in South Carolina
I'm honored to be named vice chair of the bipartisan Senate steel caucus to promote American manufacturing and our steel industry. Western PA is the heart of steel country. Steel production is key to our state and national economy. Steel is an integral component in products we find everywhere from our cars to our kitchens. With my colleagues in the caucus, I'll help ensure that American steel producers and the industries they supply remain strong to boost our national security and our economy.
Career Day at Eddystone Elementary School in Ridley School District, Delaware County. Thanks to all the professionals who attended for taking time to share about your career with the students here.
Glad that my regional manager for southeastern Pennsylvania, James Fitzpatrick, was on hand at Eddystone Elementary's Career Day in Delaware County yesterday.
My state director, Bob DeSousa, visited ITT Technical Institute Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania today to learn about the great work they do in training our future workforce. Belcan Corporation was also on hand to talk about the skills they look for in new employees.
Adam Breneman, a recent graduate of Cedar Cliff High School in Mechanicsburg and a freshman and tight-end at Penn State, was recognized for starting “Catch the Cure” to raise money for  Project ALS. it was great having Adam and Devon to my DC office this morning. Thank you both for your work on behalf of the people of our state.
Devon Rodriguez-Cayro, a student at Mechanicsburg Area Middle School, shares some details on her work over the years raising funds for the Humane Society of Harrisburg Area through her participation in the Annual Penguin Plunge. Devon raised over $6,000 at this year's event.
Congratulations to Adam Breneman and Devon Rodriguez-Cayro, both of Mechanicsburg, on being named top youth volunteers in Pennsylvania for 2013 by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. It was a pleasure to welcome them to my Washington office this morning.
