Want to hear my thoughts on the many issues pending before the U.S. Senate? Sign up to participate in my upcoming tele-townhall on Wednesday, May 14, 7:00 PM MT/6:00 PM PT. 
Senator Collins delivered the commencement address at the 120th commencement at Thomas College.
Congratulations to all of the students receiving degrees around Maine today... and to their families and loved ones who have supported them along the way!
Congrats to the Fort Worth Hispanic Chamber of Commerce on 41 years of supporting the American dream and helping to make it a reality for so many men and women. Pleased to join Danny Luna, Congressman Marc Veasey, and FWHCC leaders at the annual gala last night.
Congratulations to all the new graduates of Stephen F. Austin State University! Dream big, be idealistic, make a difference, and touch the lives of others around you! #AxeEmJacks
ICYMI: Earlier this week I spoke to the Federalist Society about my reports on the Obama Administration's lawlessness. You can watch the discussion below.  The reports are available here: http://www.cruz.senate.gov/lawless/
At UNI ROTC commissioning ceremony PresRuud was speaker. He was an army captain  His very good advice to new 2ndLt was from his own service
Just leaving commissioning ceremony of UNI ROTC 2nd Lt  beautifully quiet campus on gradu8ing day As I walk among older blding MANYMEMORIES
Here is Vincent’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Law enforcement’s commitment to service above self is the definition of heroism, as is their willingness to place the safety and welfare of others before their own.   WATCH: http://bit.ly/1uKWLfc
First, she lost her coverage due to Obamacare. Then Kathi Rose of Neenah got slimed by liberal website @DailyKos.  http://t.co/mHRmAp4TVt
First, she lost her coverage due to Obamacare. Then Kathi Rose of Neenah got slimed by liberal website @DailyKos.  http://t.co/mSVHifLGaJ
Today I addressed the graduating seniors of Sylvan-Lucas Unified High School in Sylvan Grove during commencement exercises. When I asked Principal Walter about this class of seniors, he said, “it’s a class of good kids” who will “do anything for anyone at anytime.” In my book, that’s pretty high praise coming from a high school principal. This group of 12 seniors is not only actively involved in school activities, but is also dedicated to serving their local community.   High school graduation is a special time for both families and seniors because it represents a significant turning point in their lives as many prepare to leave home for the first time. Congratulations to the class of 2014 on their outstanding achievement. And special thanks to Superintendent Stecklein and Principal Walter for the invitation to speak at this year’s graduation ceremony.
Wow!  After a whirlwind trip out to DC and back, the Last Frontier Honor Flight is back home.  Way to go, Fairbanks, for rolling out the red carpet today for these tremendous men and women!  To find out everything about the Last Frontier Honor Flight, visit http://www.lastfrontierhonorflight.net/
Are you like me, and dread getting your picture taken at the DMV? I stopped by to update my license yesterday, and they said the picture turned out well.
4 am wake up call for turkey hunt in Noble County. No bird, but hiked through some beautiful woods.
Truly an honor to deliver the commencement addresses at College of Charleston today! Congratulations graduates - you earned it! #southcarolina
