Last week, Sen. Alexander released a list of “top five issues” the Senate should be addressing instead of going into recess for nearly seven weeks, saying Majority Leader Harry Reid and Senate Democrats have “wasted time on political stunts.”  “The Senate should be working instead of going into recess, and a Republican majority wouldn’t tolerate such nonsense,” Alexander said. “We should be standing up to terrorists, repairing the damage of Obamacare, making it easier to find a good job, sending education decisions back to states and fixing the debt.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=841ac741-8f7c-48c3-a9a8-1ef3c9b89783
I'm looking forward to visiting Perry, Monroe City, Mexico, and Hermann today to talk with local leaders and members of these communities about the impact that the Obama Administration's executive over-reach and burdensome regulations have on Missourians. The president isn't above the law, and I introduced the ENFORCE the Law Act to restore the system of checks and balances and curb runaway executive branch power. 
A compromise has been reached on the #ABLEact, a commonsense piece of legislation that would allow families to save money in tax-free accounts for their disabled loved ones and the care they may need in the future. It is my hope that we will move to final passage before the 113th Congress adjourns. #PasstheABLEAct
A new GAO report, requested by Chairman Miller and me, was released last week. The report focused on the Family Caregiver Program, which establishes new assistance for the family caregivers of seriously disabled veterans, including training and certification required to meet the veteran’s needs.   The report found that the VA has so far squandered the opportunity to make use of the program by poorly planning its implementation and investing in technology that did not suit the needs of the program. What’s more, they have taken few steps to resolve these problems and have amassed a backlog of applications. It is my hope that this GAO report will inspire VA to fix the problems with the program and train the unprecedented amount of loved ones interested in helping their veteran. 
Did you miss last week’s newsletter? In it, I discuss the Child Care & Development Block Grant Program, repaying student loans, Ebola, and ISIL. You can sign up for future newsletters by visiting my website, burr.senate.gov. 
The community of Ozark is hosting a reunion to honor members and families of Charlie Battery on Saturday. I’m looking forward to celebrating Charlie Battery and all of its accomplishments as well as sharing memorabilia with other Arkansans who have a connection to this unit. 
Mailbag Monday: I received the following email from Elizabeth in Green Forest "I am very concerned about the new regulations the EPA is putting in place for each state concerning carbon emissions. I believe the regulations to be dangerous, counterproductive, costly, not to mention the electric unreliability this will cause. What is your plan in protecting us from this invasion?”
Today, the non-partisan Government Accountability Office released a report confirming that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is collecting information on up to 600 million American financial accounts, and that it does not have the proper safeguards in place to protect the information it is collecting.  At a time when data and identity-related crimes are at an all-time high, the last thing the American people need is one more federal agency collecting their private financial information. 
From the Maine State Police -- This Saturday marks the final Drug Take Back Day for 2014. Find a location near you by clicking here: http://tinyurl.com/lhxy6yc
Last week I met with members of AIPAC to discuss security assistance to Israel and other developments in the region.
Was honored to meet with WWII vet Clifford Reed of Santa Fe, TX last week while he was in DC attending a ceremony honoring his service.
Cornyn Statement on SpaceX Groundbreaking in South Texas:  "Today’s groundbreaking is a proud moment for South Texas and our state as we open a new chapter in what has been a long, historic tradition of leading the nation’s space program. This milestone ensures Texas will remain at the forefront of space exploration and discovery for years to come."
In Case You Missed It: Committee Passes Cornyn Bill To Curb Sex Trade In Texas, Across The Country: 
New study shows that lifting the ban on oil exports will promote jobs, wages, trade and economic growth by $600 billion to $1.8 trillion through 2039, and reduce gas prices at the pump by 9 cents per gallon. Pass the American Energy Renaissance Act NOW!
Democrats must stop blocking the ETA of 2014 and stop those who join ISIS from returning to the United States!
I was honored to receive the Guardian of Small Business award last week from the National Federation of Independent Business’ President and CEO Dan Danner. As a former small business owner in Wyoming, I know the difficulties of running your own business. Through my work on the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee, I have supported legislation to make it easier for all Americans to work for themselves, cutting red tape and expanding access to grants and loans to help get their businesses off the ground.
ICYMI
If you're in the area, my staff will be in Wahoo & David City on Oct. 1. We want to get your feedback and answer your questions! #heretohelp
Prescription pain medicines are dangerous when abused and can be attractive to teen-agers and adults who help themselves to someone else’s prescription.  This Saturday, the Drug Enforcement Administration’s National Take Back Day offers safe disposal methods.  In the coming weeks and months, safe drug disposal will get even easier, thanks to legislation co-sponsored by Sen. Chuck Grassley.  Read more here:  
“We will continue to press Canadian Pacific to devote the resources necessary to catch up on agriculture shipments until they are up to date. Last week, a review of their situation showed progress, though clearly they will need to do more in terms of resources and staff to meet the demands of North Dakota’s growing economy. With the harvest in full swing, we need to ensure the railroad is doing all it can to meet not only this year’s needs, but also next year’s.”
Watch Senator Johnson discuss the threat of ISIS with Senator Christopher Murphy on NBC’s Meet the Press
It was helpful to attend a roundtable today to hear Secretary Kerry and world leaders discuss gender-based violence.
Sen. Ron Johnson met with President Abdul-Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt on Monday in New York. The senator is serving as one of two members of Congress representing the United States at the 69th United Nations General Assembly. Check back later this week for more pictures as I talk with other nations’ delegations at the UN General Assembly.
Utah is home to over 150,000 veterans.  While each veteran has their own unique experience in serving our country, our appreciation for their service is universal.  As we approach Veterans Day on November 11, I am creating a photo gallery display in my Senate office memorializing the service of Utah’s veterans.  If you are one of the brave Americans who has served or is serving, or if you are the friend or family member of a veteran - you are invited to share a photograph on Instagram under #HonorUtahVeterans that captures their commitment to country and their willingness to sacrifice. (Photos may be historical from their period of active duty or a present day picture showcasing their spirit, pride, honor and legacy.)  Please help me remember and honor those who have stood tall for freedom and inspire the next generation of Americans to do the same.  For more information, click here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/utvetmil
“In one way or another, cancer has touched the lives of almost every American, and ensuring Kentucky’s seniors have access to innovative diagnostic tools and treatment options should be a priority,” said Senator McConnell.
■ U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell has been named a Friend of Farm Bureau by the American Farm Bureau Federation. The award is given each Congress and is based upon members' voting records and their accessibility and responsiveness to their state's farmers. McConnell was nominated for the award for the 113th Congress by the Kentucky Farm Bureau.  Some of McConnell's accomplishments include inserting language in the 2014 Farm Bill to allow hemp pilot programs to begin in Kentucky, securing a permanent increase in the death tax exemption to protect Kentucky family farms, and leading the fight to protect Kentucky's tobacco farmers, including securing the tobacco buyout.  
Today, I made a surprise visit to Dr. Barry Flinchbaugh’s agriculture policy class at Kansas State University. This is my third surprise visit since my time as a U.S. Senator. Dr. Flinchbaugh has served on numerous national boards and commissions and is a leading authority in agriculture policy. I appreciated the opportunity to speak with his students about the role of the Senate Agriculture Committee, as well as my role as a member of the Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee. Thanks to Dr. Flinchbaugh and his class for allowing me to stop by.
Tonight, I gave remarks at the Riley County Farm Bureau Meeting. It was great to visit with more than 100 area Farm Bureau members about a number of issues facing the agriculture industry including the Lesser Prairie Chicken, EPA regulations and the rural way of life in Kansas. I appreciate their organization for supporting the future of agriculture in our state and across the country.
Good news from the FDA - They've reconsidered a costly proposed regulation that could have hit our Alaska breweries hard, and ended up spiking beer costs.  Our breweries and farms have a great, symbiotic relationship transferring spent grains to feed cattle, and this new regulation was a solution looking for a problem.
In Ketchikan over the weekend, Governor Parnell announced at the Vigor Alaska Shipyard that the new class of Alaska Marine Highway System ferry boats will be built in Alaska. The $101 million project is a major victory for our state, for the job and the economic benefits.
Fun to join Team River Runner on the water today for paddling with our brave wounded warriors - including friends Al and Ryan.
MUST-READ: How Qatar is funding the rise of radical Islam http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Peace/2014/09/21/How-Qatar-is-Funding-the-Rise-of-Radical-Islam
Congratulations to Huntsville's Intuitive Research and Technology Corporation (INTUITIVE) on being named the #1 best medium-size workplace in the US by Fortune Magazine.  http://www.al.com/business/index.ssf/2014/09/see_which_huntsville_engineeri.html#incart_river 
NA
I joined Senator Kirk and 29 colleagues in questioning Secretary Kerry about concessions in Iranian nuclear talks. Read more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/sen-scott-iranian-nuclear-program-must-be-dismantled
I have joined Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand and Thad Cochran in introducing legislation to award a posthumous Congressional Gold Medal to James Chaney, Andrew Goodman, and Michael Schwerner – men who lost their lives in 1964 while campaigning for civil rights during Mississippi’s Freedom Summer.
Wicker Report | What should have been a routine approval process with America’s ally and largest trading partner has instead been ensnarled for six years in political tactics by the Obama Administration. Radical environmental groups have put pressure on the President to reject the project entirely. In response, he has repeatedly delayed a final decision, sidestepping any backlash from voters in an election year.
