Someone has to be in charge at the White House. Someone has to take responsibility.
The Obama Administration must utilize all resources available to secure freedom for Meriam Ibrahim, a pregnant Christian mother sentenced to death in Sudan. She has been unjustly imprisoned along with her 20-month-old son since February. #SaveMeriam
It is time for the Obama administration to take responsibility for what now appears to be a systemic, administration-wide failure to care for our nation’s heroes. Americans deserve answers surrounding these very serious VA allegations.
Senator Boozman sends a thank you to Arkansans in his latest e-newsletter.   “Thank you for the kind thoughts, comments, prayers, well-wishes and notes of encouragement you have offered my family and me during my recovery from heart surgery. I appreciate your support and patience as I continue to follow the doctor’s orders, complete my cardio rehab and get the required rest I need to recover at home in Arkansas.”  Read the rest of his message below and sign up to get future newsletters sent to your email.  http://www.boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/files/serve?File_id=92e901aa-289a-41c3-aeaf-cd48354e56f3
NA
NA
Only one of these bags of potatoes is eligible for purchase under the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s (USDA) Women, Infants and Children program.  Can you identify which one?   Under current law, the USDA allows mothers to use WIC vouchers to purchase nutrient-packed fresh white potatoes at farmers markets.  However, they are unable to purchase the exact same product at grocery stores.  With only 110 calories, a potato contains more potassium than an equivalent sized banana and more fiber than a serving of broccoli.  Despite its affordability and immense nutritional benefits, the fresh white potato continues to be the only vegetable unfairly excluded from USDA nutritional programs.  Congress needs to rectify this wrong and reverse this impractical and misguided rule.    Like and share if you agree.
Senators Collins and King welcomed students from Palermo Consolidated School to the U.S. Capitol today.  The 8th graders are on a class trip to Washington.
Senator Collins welcomed members of the Maine Association of REALTORS to Washington!
VIDEO - FBI Director To Cornyn: 2009 Fort Hood Attack Inspired By Al Qaeda:  
Cornyn Calls on Senate Democrats to Take Up Legislation Protecting Victims of Human Trafficking:
FBI Director Comey testifying before Senate Judiciary Committee now
Senator Corker today released the following statement on President Obama’s remarks regarding recent allegations against the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA):   “After waiting weeks to publicly address allegations of neglect at some VA medical facilities and with more disturbing reports surfacing of veterans not receiving the care they need, I’m highly disappointed President Obama did not announce an independent, third-party review of all VA medical facilities today. Our nation’s veterans deserve answers and accountability from the administration, and an internal investigation at an agency plagued by poor leadership and mismanagement is simply not enough. We need to shine a light on the department’s activities so we can begin to resolve the systemic problems that exist. I also believe one of the best ways we can honor our Tennessee veterans and all those who have served our country is to provide them greater flexibility and better access to quality health care.”   Last week, Corker and Senator Lamar Alexander wrote to VA Secretary Eric K. Shinseki calling on the VA to conduct a “thorough, open and transparent” audit following reports of neglect at some of its medical facilities, including allegations that up to 40 patients may have died because of delayed care at the Phoenix VA Health Care System. The senators also asked Shinseki to provide specific information regarding the average time Tennessee veterans are waiting for care at VA facilities. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1o7ovt9.
Anyone who cares about property rights should be dismayed by David Barron's nomination and should vote against it if you don't want to see overly aggressive jurisprudence that allows the government to take your private property.  Anyone concerned about free speech should be concerned about this nomination...   Anyone that cares about local control and federalism and the ability of local school boards and legislatures to make policy decisions should be concerned...   Anyone concerned about liberty and the rule of law should be deeply concerned about a judicial nominee who embraces courts as a tool of power and the President disregarding the law.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this nomination: http://1.usa.gov/1jtpNv8
I have some questions for FBI Director James Comey about the Obama Administration’s failure to fully investigate the #IRS targeting scandal: http://1.usa.gov/1vGS9Hx  Watch and SHARE if you want answers!
Mr. President: "That's a lot of appointments" is no excuse for failing to serve our nation's heroes.
Striking a deal with a regime that locks up citizens for making a "Happy" video makes no sense. #Iran #FreeHappyIranians
The Senate is being mismanaged. Left or right, your ideas are not being considered and they should be. That is what the Senate was designed for. Senators from both sides of the aisle are being shut out by the majority leader. I proposed some changes today on the Senate floor.
The president’s comments do little to take the sting out of the revelation that the VA’s inspector general is now investigating 26 veterans’ health facilities nationwide. It is becoming clear that scheduling irregularities were not confined to the Phoenix VA, but appear to be part of a system-wide problem within the VA. I question how such a growing scandal could have gone unnoticed, and whether the inspector general has sufficient resources to handle the widening probe.   While we await the results of the investigation into what took place in Phoenix, I believe individual investigations will need to be coupled with a thorough, systematic review of the entire VA.
VA Secretary Shinseki has failed to demonstrate the strong leadership we need to aggressively fix horrific problems at medical centers around the country. While I am grateful for Secretary Shinseki’s past military service, it's time for him to step down. A new secretary must regain credibility with veterans and, at a minimum, demonstrate basic competence.   I'v also introduced legislation banning all bonuses at the Veterans Health Administration until these problems are fixed. Funding should be focused on fixing the problem, not rewarding employees entrenched in a struggling bureaucracy.  
Ran road race this AM at 3 mi. ACLI Capital Challenge benefits org that gives guide dogs to blind veterans check Facebook later 4 pics
NA
Here is Mike’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Last week we were pleased to announce that the DOT had awarded grants totaling more than $17 million to improve five airports in key regions of North Dakota, and we are pleased to announce today that DOT is now awarding grants to improve airports in Watford City and Dunseith. We have been working hard to improve infrastructure across the states, and our airports have been especially impacted by increased demands of businesses and individuals who rely on these airports for travel and business. These grants are a positive step forward for North Dakotans.
It is hard to imagine that we still live in a world where a government has detained a pregnant woman and sentenced her to death solely for peacefully practicing her personal faith. I’ve joined Senator Marco Rubio in urging the government of Sudan to release Meriam and her child immediately and for the United States to help with any means possible to ensure her safety. We are a nation founded on the value that freedom of religion is the foundation to all freedoms, and therefore we have a duty to encourage others to recognize this basic human right. Kay and I have Meriam and her family in our prayers, and I will continue to work to do everything in my power to help secure her safe release. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-calls-for-release-of-sudanese_woman-imprisoned-for-her-christian-faith
John Austin was able to add Air Force Pilot to his resume at just 2 years old when he attended the Pilot for a Day program at Altus Air Force Base (AFB). John isn't just any young man, he is a special fighter. John battled and survived infant leukemia, seven surgeries, chemotherapy, respiratory failure and blood transfusions. I hope you enjoy this heart warming story of a child's victory over cancer and the strong community support at Altus AFB:   http://www.af.mil/News/ArticleDisplay/tabid/223/Article/484898/cancer-survivor-becomes-pilot-for-a-day.aspx 
Honored to accept the Jeane Kirkpatrick Statesmanship Award from the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, a strong partner in fight to protect freedom around the world.
I stand in solidarity with the people of Belarus & call on Lukashenka to uphold fundamental rights & freedoms.  My latest blog post: http://1.usa.gov/SjluIB
Yesterday I met with the Director of the U.S. Marshals Service  and officials from the Drug Enforcement Administration about working together to fight gangs of national significance, including in Chicago.
I #standwithRand in opposing the nomination of David Barron to U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
There have already been some amazing entries for the #RoadLessTraveledUtah Instagram photo contest I am hosting with Utahgram.  If you are on Instagram and you have great pictures of Utah's roads, we would love to see your pictures.  The contest runs until May 30, so there is still plenty of time to join the fun and showcase the beautiful state of Utah and the roads we use to enjoy it.
I am frustrated with the lack of action or accountability coming from President Obama or the Department of Veterans affairs amid ongoing dysfunction within the VA system. Today I spoke with WIBW radio about specific actions that should be taken to address these problems and make certain our vets are getting proper treatment and quality care they deserve. Click below to listen to the discussion. 
It took one month since news broke of the secret wait lists and veteran deaths at a Phoenix VA hospital for Americans to hear from the Commander in Chief. Every day that we have waited for President Obama and Secretary Shinseki to show leadership, new complaints and concerns poured in from whistleblowers, veterans and veteran family members across the country. These reports are symptoms of the systemic dysfunction within the VA system that has been developing for years – yet the White House says they only just learned about them on television. Today, the President echoed Secretary Shinseki in stating that action will be taken if the ‘allegations prove to be true.’ The fact is, many of these cases are not new – they have already been investigated and substantiated in years past, yet no action has been taken. There is a difference between wanting change and leading it to happen.  I continue to demand accountability and true transformation within the VA system in its culture from top to bottom and all across the country. In the absence of dramatic change at the VA, it is clear that we are not prepared for the servicemen and women who are returning home from Iraq and Afghanistan, and we are not capable of caring for our aging veterans as we promised we would and as every American knows we should. We should not rest until our veterans have a Department of Veterans Affairs worthy of their service and sacrifice.
Good luck and stay safe to Alaskans on the Kenai Peninsula dealing with the Funny River fire.  Firefighters are coming in from across the state, so Alaska State Troopers are reminding Alaskans to not block first responders from access to the fire by parking to watch it.
Military families share the sacrifice of service with their soldiers, so spouses and children deserve access to care and programs as they deal with deployments or rocky homecomings.  I've introduced a bill to look out for them, as well.
Today in a Senate hearing on defense spending, we talked about the Arctic, how we need to keep the region safe and secure -- and how needs to be a national priority.
Had a fun time running in the ACLI Capital Challenge this morning. The race benefits the Fidelco Guide Dog Association which places guide dogs with wounded warriors. Here's a picture of Team Portman post-race.
In case you missed it- I joined Jake Tapper on CNN to discuss my opposition to the nomination of David Barron.    WATCH HERE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QryH6EHDNSg
In case you missed it, earlier today I took to the Senate floor to defend the Bill of Rights and oppose the nomination of David Barron.    Watch my remarks HERE:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNWvm-d2glw&feature=youtu.be
I rise today in opposition to killing American citizens without trials. I rise to oppose the nom of anyone who argues that the Pres. has the power to kill American citizens not involved in combat. #StandWithRand  WATCH: http://www.c-span.org/video/?319516-1/us-senate-general-speeches
Are you ready to stand with me in defense of the Bill of Rights? Walking to the floor now. #StandWithRand
Today I called on Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) to abandon misguided attempts to amend the First Amendment to stifle free speech of the American people and to stop engaging in character assassination against the Koch family. The First Amendment can’t be amended to stifle political dissent. 
I signed a letter to call on Majority Leader Harry Reid to appoint a Select Committee to investigate Benghazi. I do not consider this case closed. I believe all Americans deserve to know what happened that tragic night.  Certainly the families of the four murdered Americans deserve answers. 
Rubio Urges Senate To Act After House Passes VA Reform Bill: http://1.usa.gov/1nrnB6T  “It’s absolutely sickening – all the things we are learning each day about the state of our VA medical facilities and the poor treatment our veterans are getting. The VA is in desperate need of reform.   “Florida is home to almost 2 million veterans. Our VA facilities here should be the gold standard, and instead what we’re seeing is how widespread this national problem is in places like our Gainesville, St. Petersburg and Miami VA’s.   “People at the VA need to be held accountable. And yes, people should be fired for such gross incompetence and negligence – something my VA reform bill with Congressman Jeff Miller would do.    “It’s been a privilege working with Congressman Miller on this VA reform effort, and I thank him for his work in getting the bill passed in the House. Now that the House has moved to reform the VA, the Senate must act too. We owe it to our veterans.   “All that’s standing in the way right now is Harry Reid making accountability and reform of our nation's VA system a priority, and bringing up this legislation for a Senate vote. President Obama being ‘madder than hell’ about this doesn’t fix the problem. The least the President can do is demand that the Senate send him this bill to sign into law.” 
Senator Rubio Alerts Administration To Additional Florida Counties Impacted By Severe Flooding
Rubio, Coons, Senate Colleagues Introduce Resolution Condemning Death Sentence For Sudanese Christian Woman: http://1.usa.gov/RUjXYY  “I am disgusted and appalled by the inhumane verdict Ms. Ibrahim has received, simply for refusing to recant her Christian faith. This is yet another example of the kind of religious intolerance and persecution that has no place in any civilized, free society,” said Rubio. “No one should have to live in a world where they fear for their life simply because of religion.   “This legislation strives to encourage religious freedom within Sudan by ensuring that the new constitution includes protections for such fundamental rights, which would be a significant step toward a more democratic future for the people of Sudan,” added Rubio. “I also commend Ms. Ibrahim’s courage in refusing to renounce her Christianity, and I encourage her to remain steadfast. The world condemns her verdict and will stand by her in her moment of need.” 
ICYMI: Rubio Promotes His VA Reform Bill On "The O’Reilly Factor" http://1.usa.gov/1jrnDMy  Rubio: “We have a bill that I have filed that allows the director to fire incompetent middle-level managers. The Administration does not support that because they are more interested in protecting the sanctity of civil service, than they are in being able to hold people accountable.”
Phil and Imani, from my #Philly office, and my friend, Joe Eastman, a U.S. Navy veteran and staunch advocate for #vets at the 3rd Annual Veterans Fair at City Hall.
Just sent a letter demanding #China's government take immediate action to thwart #hacking and espionage activities.
#Senate just passed a resolution I cosponsored to honor Doolittle’s Tokyo Raiders. This interview with one of the pilots is worth a watch. 
Nice! The Senate unanimously passed the resolution I cosponsored to honor WWII's #MonumentsMen.
Our ports and waterways are crucial to commerce, and our system of levees protects us from natural disasters. These modernized ports and commercial waterways are critical to maintaining competitiveness in a global economy. They are essential to boosting trade and job growth across the nation.
NA
