SHARE if you think taxpayers have a right to know where their money is going.    Sen. Alexander thinks so, and that’s why he’s cosponsoring legislation by Sen. Coburn, the “Taxpayers Right to Know Act,” that would require federal agencies to produce “report cards” detailing costs and other information to help identify government waste.  Alexander said: “It’s tax season, and taxpayers in Tennessee and around the country have a right to know where their money is going. One of the best ways to expose government waste, hold public officials accountable and reduce unnecessary spending is to give Americans more information – a little transparency goes a long way.” http://1.usa.gov/1lM4p6s 
NA
I support helping those truly in need, but the unemployment insurance benefits program needs to be reformed to ensure that it works better and is connecting those who are unemployed with available jobs. Since the debate on extending these benefits began, I said that any extension must be paid for and include measures to reform the program. I offered several amendments to achieve these goals, but my proposals were rejected by the Majority Leader. Because this legislation is not responsibly paid for and does not include reforms this program needs, I cannot support an extension of benefits.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqatKpgNJjM&list=UUipTNiqJBYHutxpMxo0UOYw
This week, members of my staff will visit Fountain, Knox, Montgomery, and Dearborn counties to assist Hoosiers experiencing problems with a federal agency:   Monday, April 7 12:00 p.m. – 1:00 p.m. ET Vincennes City Hall, Council Chambers, 201 Vigo Street, Vincennes   Tuesday, April 8 10:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m. ET Covington Public Library, 622 5th Street, Covington   Thursday, April 10 10:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m. ET Crawfordsville Public Library, 205 S. Washington Street, Crawfordsville   Friday, April 11 3:00 p.m. – 5:00 p.m. ET Dearborn County Chamber of Commerce, 320 Walnut St., Lawrenceburg
Op-Ed: Americans deserve a robust, sustainable housing finance system that will provide future economic opportunities for millions of families and individuals.  As Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs, I recently joined Chairman Tim Johnson (D-South Dakota) to introduce legislation to wind down Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, end the government domination of the housing market and promote the re-entry of private capital into our housing finance system so that taxpayers are not in the first-loss position during the next economic downturn.   
Cornyn Introduces Bill To Protect Taxpayers From IRS Targeting:
March 27th, 2014
This nomination is part of Iran’s clear and consistent pattern of virulent anti-Americanism that has defined their foreign policy since 1979. We need to send Tehran an equally clear message: The United States Senate is not going to just ignore this most recent insult, but is going to give our President the authority to affirmatively reject it.    I am proud to join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle on this national security issue that transcends political parties.
The Great American Energy Renaissance means more good paying jobs that will provide limitless opportunity. Don't let government stand in the way.
Senator Barrasso and I, along with 33 of our Senate Republican colleagues, are asking the National Telecommunications and Information Administration how giving up control of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority functions of the Internet is in the best interest of America.
To help encourage small businesses to hire more American veterans I cosponsored a bill with Senator John Barrasso that would provide some relief from the burdensome standard for counting employees required by Obamacare. The “Hire More Heroes Act”, S. 2190, introduced by Senator Roy Blunt, R-Mo., would allow those employees who have health care through the VA or TRICARE to be excluded from the convoluted definition of “full-time equivalency” in the Obamacare employer mandate. The House passed the bill earlier this month by a vote of 406-1. This is a common sense, bipartisan idea that everyone should be able to agree on.
My Phoenix staff is holding office hours Wednesday, April 9 in Tempe. Information about time and location is below. No appointments necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or if you just want to get a message to me.  TEMPE, AZ 2:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m. Tempe History Museum 809 East Southern Avenue Tempe, AZ 85282  For more information contact Nick Hecker in my Phoenix office at (602) 840-1891.
With your help, we've whittled down the Elite #8ofWaste to the Showy Staters and the Ghost Town Recons. So which of these egregious examples of waste deserves to be crowned the 2014 Champion of Waste -  $5 million for custom-designed State Department stemware or $34 million for an overseas military facility that the military didn't want, doesn't need and won't use? Vote in the comments section below.
One year ago today Jack Hoffman inspired the country and raised awareness for pediatric brain cancer. #TeamJack
NA
NA
STAFF UPDATE: Sen. Inhofe will be joining Mark Levin live tonight at 8:30PM Eastern. If you are in Oklahoma, you can tune in on KFAQ and KTOK.
For quite some time now, Reid and the Democratic majority have been filing amendments in a fashion called “filling the tree." They have used this strategy on every major bill in order to silence the Republican minority’s voice in the legislative process. How? When Senate Democrats bring a bill to the floor, they fill up all 11 amendment slots, thus blocking Republicans from offering any changes to the legislation. Sarah Mimms of the National Journal has a story today on it here:  http://www.nationaljournal.com/congress/a-tree-grows-in-dirksen-how-democrats-are-keeping-republicans-out-of-the-amendment-process-20140407
As a result of the honorable and sustained commitment of our men and women in uniform, Afghans were able to hold an election day marked by less violence and an impressive turnout of 7 million citizens. This is proof that Afghans desire a democratic future under elected government and not one ruled by terrorists.  All three of the leading presidential candidates have agreed to sign the bilateral security agreement with the United States, and it it is in our best interest to help ensure the next leader has a smooth transition into office. http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2014/04/05/afghanistan-elections/7343425/ 
If the government can't limit how many candidates newspapers endorse . . .  http://t.co/gKm5btiUQK
Newspapers are free to endorse as many candidates as they want. Why not you? http://t.co/2y3OOnqxFM
Sen. Johnson speaking today @Heritage "Special Treatment: the President's Unlawful Health Care Handout to Congress" http://t.co/Zj9Ev6eKvR
Extending unemployment insurance for the thousands of Illinoisans seeking relief has been a long-standing priority of mine. I am pleased that this bipartisan, fully paid-for compromise passed the Senate this evening. I urge the House of Representatives to swiftly pass this legislation.
Iran's new UN Ambassador helped take Americans hostage in 1979. Read my letter with Senator Marco Rubio and 27 of our colleagues urging President Obama to deny him a visa to enter our country: http://www.kirk.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1042
Obamanomics has delivered record corporate profits but sagging middle-class wages and an anemic, jobless recovery. It has promoted and exacerbated inequality. It has isolated the poor and squeezed the middle class.  It has also exposed the president’s party to extreme political vulnerability.  But to seize this opportunity — to fix what’s broken in Washington and our economy — a still-distrusted GOP first must end cronyism in our own ranks. The GOP has to close its branch of the Beltway Favor Bank and truly embrace a free-enterprise economy of, by, and for the people.  Impossible? That’s what they said about earmarks.  Too radical a change? These are principles we already espouse.  Imagine a reformed Republican party seizing the moral high ground against political corruption and economic dysfunction. Imagine its leaders, advocating populist, free-market reforms to restore jobs, growth, and fairness to the economy. Faster than you can say “TARP,” we could pin the Left between their egalitarian facade and their elitist agenda, and force them to choose between K Street and Main Street.
Congratulations to Mitch Richmond, an All-American Kansas State basketball player, six time NBA all-star and Olympic Gold Medal winner who was today announced as a 2014 inductee to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.
We don’t truly address our long-term unemployment problems by merely extending the ineffective program – what we need is structural reforms that get people back to work.  Today, I  voted in favor of H.R.3979 because it would make structural changes to the unemployment benefits process to aid long-term jobless Americans suffering in the nation’s weak economic recovery, and provide benefits through next month.  This bill is a first step that represents a rational, reasonable proposal that combines ideas from across the aisle to help provide relief to over a million Americans impacted by failed economic policies, and strengthens our current unemployment programs with real reforms. This bill is also fully paid for and strikes the right balance to provide support to those who most need it.
We can’t leave residents of the Far North – U.S. citizens – out in the cold when it comes to the U.S. Government’s priorities.  I’m heading to the Senate floor to urge the administration to make the Arctic a true priority for our nation. Watch live here: http://cs.pn/1ig29U8
I joined Fox & Friends this morning to discuss the latest Obamacare news and the GOP alternative to Obamacare.  
Sen. McConnell and I, once again, made a friendly wager on the outcome of tonight's NCAA Championship game. Kentucky has made an unbelievable run - Big Blue Nation couldn't be more proud and excited. So, I look forward to enjoying desserts after Kentucky beats UConn tonight.
I joined Senator Chuck Grassley and others in calling on Appropriators to prohibit federal interference in the development of state education standards and curriculum.
Senator Rubio Calls On Kerry To Provide Administration's Full Assessment Of Venezuela Crisis: http://1.usa.gov/1kjHXBL  Rubio: “[I]t is more important than ever for the American public and lawmakers to clearly understand the nature of the situation in Venezuela and its repercussions for American interests and the Western Hemisphere. … It is vital that the U.S. government stand with those Venezuelans who have bravely called out the brutality and dishonesty of the Maduro government.” 
Great talking with the kids from Cathedral of Praise Academy in North Charleston.
In case you missed it: I talked job skills training and growing our economy in the Weekly Republican Address this past week. Watch it here!
NA
Southeastern PA's district attorneys support my bill to protect school children from child predators:
Mississippi stands with the families affected by this morning's tornado in Covington county as they begin to recover from this tragedy.
Tupelo Veterans Memorial Park is breaking ground today for two worthy additions to honor our veterans--the Vietnam Wall and F-105 Thunderchief.  Because of the brave patriots honored by the Veterans Memorial, we can continue to feel safe here at home.  We remain eternally grateful for their service and sacrifice.
Wicker Report | Advances in technology are bringing southwest Mississippi closer to the shale boom that scientists and energy producers have anticipated in the area for years. The geologic formation known as the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale, which spans parts of Louisiana and Mississippi, is estimated to hold some 7 billion barrels of oil – making it possibly one of the largest fields in the country.
