I voted with Senator Cruz this weekend to show my disapproval for the president’s executive amnesty plan, and I am proud to co-sign this amicus brief with Senators Cruz and Cornyn against President Obama's lawless immigration power grab. As Republicans prepare to take control of the Senate next year, I will continue to fight against this administration’s blatant disregard for the law and the Constitution.
Next year, the new Republican-led Congress is waging a war for women. We’re waging a war for families, workers, seniors and young people who have been burdened by the current administration’s policies. Read my op-ed in The Hill today and send me your thoughts in the comments below.
We're putting together our final newsletter of 2014. Sign up at the link below to get it sent to your email.
The 113th session of Congress officially ended late last night. In the last few days of session, I’m pleased Congress passed three important bills that will benefit Wyoming and our economy. Soon, the President will sign the BLM Permit Processing Improvement Act of 2014, the Grazing Improvement Act and the Bureau of Reclamation Conduit Hydropower Development Equity and Jobs Act. Each of these bills will cut Washington red tape, streamline oil and gas permitting on federal lands, deliver much needed certainty and stability to Wyoming’s ranching families, and increase hydropower development. In the new year, I’ll continue to introduce legislation that will transfer power and control from Washington Bureaucrats back to the people of Wyoming.
Since 1961, nine different Republican and Democrat presidents have opposed normalizing relations with Cuba. President Obama’s announcement is further evidence that his foreign policy objective is appeasement. The president’s action rewards the Castro regime at the expense of the Cuban people, who will continue to be denied fair elections, an independent judicial system and free speech rights.
Continued best wishes to the Banks family.
For six years we followed the pattern of alienating and abandoning our friends and allies, and at the same time coddling up to and appeasing to those who are enemies of this country. It’s a consistent pattern. First Russia, then Iran, now Cuba.  This announcement today will be remembered as a tragic mistake.
We rejoice that Alan Gross’ wrongful imprisonment by the brutal Castro regime has finally come to an end, and that he will be able to spend the holidays with his loved ones. But make no mistake, although we are glad Alan is now free, the agreement the Obama Administration has entered into with the Castro regime has done nothing to resolve the underlying problem. Indeed, it has made it worse.    Fidel and Raul Castro have just received both international legitimacy and a badly-needed economic lifeline from President Obama.  But they remain in control of a totalitarian police state modeled on their old state sponsor, the Soviet Union.  Their government can continue to detain individuals like Alan Gross indefinitely without process—as the many political prisoners still languishing in the Castros’ prisons can attest.  They retain their close, long-standing ties with hostile nations, notably Russia, Iran, North Korea and Venezuela.  They will continue their support for terrorist organizations from FARC to Hezbollah and Hamas.   The President spoke today about a new era for relations between American and the Cuban people, but these circumstances do not bode well for either.  We have seen how previous Obama administration attempts at rapprochement with rogue regimes like Russia and Iran have worked out, with our influence diminished and our enemies emboldened.  Now they are revisiting this same disastrous policy with the Castros, blind to the fact that they are being played by brutal dictators whose only goal is maintaining power.  And if history be our guide, the Castros will exploit that power to undermine America and oppress the Cuban people. First Russia, then Iran, now Cuba – this is one more very, very bad deal brokered by the Obama Administration.
Obama's amnesty policy is harming millions of Texans and Americans. He has no authority to ignore or rewrite the law.   #StopObamasAmnesty
President Obama is not only blatantly defying the Constitution by refusing to faithfully execute our nation’s immigration laws; his amnesty policy is harming millions of Texans and Americans. By unilaterally granting amnesty to nearly five million people, the President is inviting even more illegal immigration, which hurts working men and women who have entered the country legally and further strains state governments.   The President has no authority to ignore or rewrite the law. In so doing, the President violates his oath to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution. I am proud to stand with the State of Texas in upholding the rule of law against President Obama’s brazen power grab. This is a critical step to restoring the Law of the Land and celebrating legal immigration.
The spending bill Congress approved recently went through a bad process and we should do better, but before denouncing the “cromnibus”, take the time to learn more about what it contained. It’s also important to realize that it essentially held spending close to past levels. The link has more details about that as well as information about the bill’s constitutionality and amnesty.
NA
ICYMI: Today's press conference at the Capitol on the return of #AlanGross from #Cuba
Joined Fox News' Shepard Smith today to discuss #AlanGross' return from #Cuba
Discussing the return of #AlanGross on CNN The Situation Room
Joining Fox News' Shepard Smith at 3:05 EST/1:05 MST to discuss the return of #AlanGross from #Cuba
ICYMI: Spoke with NBC News' Andrea Mitchell Reports on today's return of #AlanGross from #Cuba
This is a wonderful day for Alan Gross, for his wife Judy and their family. The manner in which they have endured this nightmare is worthy of praise and admiration. It was an honor to be with Alan as he touched down on U.S. soil after more than five years in a Cuban prison. When I visited Alan last month, he expressed the hope that his ordeal might somehow lead to positive changes between the United States and Cuba. With today's significant and far-reaching announcements, I think it already has.
This is an incredibly bad idea.
I am delighted that Alan Gross has been released and can return to his loved ones after five years of wrongful imprisonment. Despite this welcome news, the legacy of suppression of human rights and democracy continues in Cuba under the rule of President Raul Castro. This is why I strongly oppose normalizing relations with Cuba and lifting the embargo against its dictator. President Obama’s new course for Cuba follows on the success of his reset with Russia. This will not bring about freedom from persecution to its people; it will not bring about freedom of speech or free elections; and it will not end the 50-plus years of the Castro brothers’ brutal dictatorship. Instead, President Obama’s actions reward the Castro family, as Raul Castro has made no democratic concessions to the United States. This is another bad precedent being set by this president, and I will oppose efforts to lift sanctions on Cuba if it comes to the Senate floor.
Several calls have come into my office, asking about my vote on the giant spending bill that passed Congress.    I voted no on that bill, also known as the “cromnibus.” Click below to find out why.
Wishing a happy #Hanukkah to all of those who are celebrating with family & friends tonight!
Senator McConnell praised by National Down Syndrome Society & Autism Speaks for his leadership on #ABLEAct 1.usa.gov/16tfog3 #Kentucky
McConnell-Sponsored Bipartisan Bill to Assist Kentuckians with Disabilities Passes Senate http://1.usa.gov/1DJlNCs  #ABLEAct
For five years, Alan Gross and his family have endured pain and profound injustice amid his detainment in Cuba. Today, news of Alan's release brings great relief to his loved ones and to every American who has called for his freedom. I admire Alan's strength and that of his wife Judy, who has worked tirelessly for years to free Alan and reunite her family.
Tonight, the U.S. Senate passed the Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act, legislation that enables the creation of tax-exempt ABLE Accounts to assist individuals with disabilities to save and pay for qualified disability expenses. I have been a sponsor of this legislation since 2012, and it will allow individuals with disabilities or the parents of a child with a disability to save money to cover expenses such as education, housing, transportation, employment training, and assistive technology. This new policy will encourage personal responsibility and eliminate barriers to work that can exist within federal entitlement programs. I encourage President Obama to swiftly sign this bill into law as it overwhelmingly passed the House earlier this month. Thanks to Jawanda and Rachel Mast of Olathe, the Down Syndrome Guild of Greater Kansas City, and the Down Syndrome Society of Wichita for their insight on this important legislation over the past few years.  The ABLE Act was passed in conjunction with H.R. 5771, legislation to extend several temporary corporate and individual tax provisions through 2014. Retroactive to January 1 of this year, H.R. 5771 allows taxpayers to claim these credits for the upcoming tax filing season, which include the restoration of Section 179 financing to its previous $500,000 limit. Critical to the ability of Kansas farmers and small businesses to replace old equipment and stay competitive, the Section 179 limit abruptly fell to $25,000 at the end of 2013 – barely enough to buy a new pickup. Having passed both chambers of Congress, this legislation now heads to the President’s desk for signature.
The Serial podcast is reigniting a crucial conversation nationwide, one that Alaskans are very aware of already: prosecutors ignoring the law by withholding evidence that could benefit a defendant.  It’s critical to realize that it happened to Ted Stevens and is happening to Americans nationwide, in what a former Circuit Court Chief Justice calls a legal ‘epidemic.’  I commit to Alaskans that I will reintroduce legislation next Congress to try and restore America’s faith in the judicial process.
Last night I voted for the Tax Increase Prevention Act so that Alaskans don’t see some important tax deductions disappear. Though last-minute bills like this aren't the right way to legislate intelligent tax policy, this legislation needed to be passed to avoid a harmful tax hike. We've got to have comprehensive tax reform for our economy, not stop-gap moves like this.
President Obama today announced he was withdrawing Alaska’s North Aleutian Basin from potential oil and natural gas activity.  I'm not objecting to his decision at this time, given the lack of interest by industry and the public divide over allowing oil and gas exploration in this area. I think we all recognize that these are some of our state’s richest fishing waters.  What I do not understand is why this decision could not be made within the context of the administration’s upcoming plan for offshore leasing – or at least announced at the same time.
Verne and I wish the members of Alaska’s Jewish community a very happy Chanukah. If you are in the Anchorage area, Cirque de Chanukah at the Egan on Sunday sounds like a very festive show!
I'm calling on the Administration to take action to protect Christians and other religious minorities in Iraq and Syria. http://bit.ly/1GsO8uC
In case you missed it- Last night, I joined Megyn Kelly on Fox News to discuss our need for leaders who will stand up for parents, kids & local control of education. #STOPCommonCore  WATCH, 'LIKE' & 'SHARE' if you agree: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLago3Hcpb4&feature=youtu.be
Franki and I wish our Jewish friends a Happy #Hanukkah and a bright festival of lights.
Rubio Holds Press Conference On Changes In U.S. Policy Toward Cuba : http://youtu.be/65s3jmfLy1I
Happy Hanukkah to all those celebrating. Chag Sameach!
I am certainly happy that Alan Gross has come home to his family. His imprisonment in Cuba for the past five years is yet another example of the dangers of the authoritarian regime in Havana.   However, I am also very concerned that the President has decided to reward Cuba for decades of human rights abuses, weapons trafficking, espionage and other abuses. Not only are three Cuban spies, one of which was convicted of murder, being returned to Havana, but with the Castro family still holding absolute power in Cuba we cannot trust that loosening travel restrictions and economic sanctions will do anything but line the pockets of the regime.   These actions will do nothing to increase the freedom and liberty the Cuban people deserve. Unfortunately, this is yet another example of this administration continuing to show the rest of the world, and dangerous leaders like those in Iran and North Korea, that the United States is willing to appease them.
This is appalling. Hamas’ charter clearly states that it seeks the obliteration of #Israel. We cannot ignore this threat.
