IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: From today’s Tennessean article, “TN Republicans assail Obama's proposed health law fix”: “…Republican Sen. Lamar Alexander said the matter was too important to depend on the president’s administrative fix. [He said], ‘The 5 million Americans — including 82,000 Tennesseans — losing their health care plans know that, after too many broken promises from this administration, the details matter.’”  http://tnne.ws/17XV7yP  Click LIKE if you agree that your health care is too important to depend on the Obama administration’s fix.
I'll be on Fox News with Greg Jarrett at 9:25 am (ET) 7:25 am (MT) to talk about the President’s fake Obamacare “fix”.
Yesterday I shared Obamacare stories on the Senate floor from two Hoosiers who have been adversely affected by President Obama’s health care law. Help me share your story so Washington lawmakers can better understand the real effects of the laws they pass. I encourage you to participate in Indiana Input, where you can send me your story and any ideas you may have regarding Obamacare, federal regulations or taxes. http://goo.gl/oo1Hds
I joined Bloomberg TV’s Peter Cook and Stephanie Ruhle to discuss my concerns with the Federal Reserve and the current Fed Chair nominee, Janet Yellen. The Fed’s unconventional monetary policy is dangerous for the economy, continues the consolidation of wealth and deters from efforts to deal with the fiscal crisis in Washington.
Several Idaho veterans and volunteers were recognized at a ceremony in Boise on Monday. #idpol #veteransday  #usa
Cornyn, Colleagues Urge Army To Reconsider Medal of Honor for Colleyville Resident & WWII Hero Jim “Maggie” Megellas:
Cornyn, Colleagues Highlight Key Concerns over Iran Nuclear Offer:
WH threatens veto of "if you like what you have you can keep it."  Can you say: veto override?
When NYT editorial pans POTUS there has been a seismic shift
The only fix for O-care is to scrap it and start over.
So, POTUS now thinks it is OK for insurers to continue selling "substandard" plans.  At least for one more year.  Then you lose what you like after the next election.
Leno: “Well, at a press conference earlier today, President Obama talked about HealthCare.gov, and he said buying health insurance is never going to be as easy as buying a song on iTunes. Well, the answer is simple. Fire the website people and hire the people from iTunes.”
Great to join legislators from across the country to discuss promoting policies that encourage job creation and create limitless opportunity for all Americans.
Obamacare is a health care law that has caused over 5 million people to lose their health care. #FullRepeal
On Nov. 18, 19, and 21 Lincoln, Converse, Crook, Sundance, Niobrara, Teton, Washakie, and Big Horn county residents will have the opportunity to meet with my state staff who pass along to me any concerns or ideas you might have. Click the link below for more information.
This Administration along with most every presidential administration, once it takes power, tends to like that power. They forget that this power is limited by the Constitution. Any power not granted to the federal government and not prohibited to the states is reserved for the states and the people. This is something I’m working with Senator Wicker and others to help people remember. I’m cosponsoring the Restoring the Tenth Amendment Act which would create special standing in court for designated state government officials to challenge federal regulations implementing new laws or presidential executive orders.
Thousands of Nebraskans continue to contact me with stories of higher premiums and lost coverage under Obamacare. This constituent from Lincoln faces nearly double the monthly premiums of his old plan. What’s your story?
Senator Grassley reveals the distortions and untruths used by ethanol critics in a relentless campaign that undermines America’s longstanding efforts to diversify its energy landscape, fuel the economy and strengthen national security.  The efforts to smear ethanol’s reputation ignore the renewable fuel’s valuable contributions to clean energy, rural development, job creation and U.S. energy independence.
Bettendorf ovr Dowling to b Class 5A state champion volleyball 3/1
Now in volleyball tourney Bettendorf 2/1 ovr Dowling
Finals of Clas 5A St Volleyball tourney Game 1 Bettendorf over Dowling 27/25       Gr8 being hear w Iowans.  Casual talk involved Obamacare
PresObama gave 54speeches to get healthReform enacted. He will hv give more speeches to save. Pls no speeches!Work w congress
Based on these comments from @BarackObama, the American people have been misled. #ObamaCancellations
I sent a letter with Senator Marco Rubio, Senator John Cornyn and Senator Kelly Ayotte urging President Obama to reject any deal with #Iran that will facilitate the payment of $20 billion in hard currency to the world's leading sponsor of terrorism and in return accept a more advanced and dangerous Iranian nuclear infrastructure. http://1.usa.gov/1bLxDKm
Illinois' vast network of rivers, highways and railways support its status as the crossroads of the nation. I joined Senator Mark Warner and Senator Roy Blunt to introduce legislation that will help us meet our growing infrastructure needs. http://1.usa.gov/1gP8h3E
I have been finalizing several proposals that I recently introduced as part of a conservative reform agenda.  Today I introduced the Transportation Empowerment Act.  Under this bill, the federal gas tax would be phased down over five years from 18.4 cents per gallon, to 3.7 cents. And highway authority would be transferred proportionately from the federal government to the states.  Congressman Tom Graves introduced a version of this bill in the House of Representatives, and Senator Marco Rubio and Senator Ted Cruz have co-sponsored my bill.  You can learn more about this bill and leave me your feedback here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=the-transportation-empowerment-act
This afternoon, I traveled to Phillipsburg, Kansas, to tour Phillips County Hospital (PCH). I always appreciate the opportunity to learn more about how healthcare providers are working to improve care delivery in Kansas communities. PCH is a critical access hospital that provides a wide range of health services including emergency, cardiac rehabilitation, oncology, radiology, surgery, rehabilitation, laboratory and nutritional services. During my visit, Dr. Ben Stephenson—one of two physicians serving Phillips County—and I discussed the effects of Obamacare.
Today we learned that Hutchinson Community College President Dr. Edward E. Berger will retire next summer. For more than 30 years, Dr. Berger has dedicated himself to HCC, first as Dean of Continuing Education and then as President starting in 1991. Under his leadership, HCC has seen a 60 percent increase in enrollment over the last decade and provided Reno County residents with physical and economic access to quality higher education. I am grateful for his dedication and wish him the best of luck in retirement next year.
Tonight, I'm joining entrepreneurial students and community members at Western Kansas' first Startup Weekend. Startup Weekend Hays is hosted by Fort Hays State University's College of Business and Entrepreneurship and its goal is to bring together individuals to build startup companies over the course of a weekend. The event demonstrates that entrepreneurship is more than a Silicon Valley issue. I also encourage you to learn more about my legislation, Startup Act 3.0, in this Wichita Business Journal piece that will make it easier for entrepreneurs to start businesses.
One of the bravest and hardest things that any of us can do is admit we need help. This is particularly true for our brave men and women in uniform, when it comes to overcoming the stigma attached to seeking mental care.  Too many myths are rampant in the military about the negative impacts that come with stepping forward for help with stress or depression -- like stunting their career paths. This is why I just introduced the Military Mental Health Improvement Act as the Senate begins to debate the Defense Authorization Bill next week.  No soldier should have to choose between their health and their career.
I feel like I'm fighting the Administration to get the funding Alaska's tribal health system is owed by the Indian Health Service. The Supreme Court ordered these full payments to be made and clinics and hospitals have yet to see all the money they need to provide good healthcare to Alaskans. The President says he is listening, but I want to see that translated into advocating with us on the budget. You can’t put the monkey on our back unless you’re willing to step up and be that advocate with us.
Great to visit Humana RightSource outside Cincinnati. Held a townhall meeting with employees - lot of concern about Obamacare.
Had a good dialogue with Gov. Bob Taft's class at University of Dayton today talking politics & policy.
Jane at Red Cross signing holiday cards to service members overseas. She met with Sgt. Travis Burton and his dogs Buckeye & Breezy, who returned with him from his tour of duty in Afghanistan.
We will not sit back and watch as Americans are detained due to their religious beliefs. Our government must call on Iran to release American Pastor Saeed Abedini and all other individuals detained based on their religious beliefs. I am encouraged by the passage of this resolution and I will continue to do all that I can to protect American citizens from religious persecution abroad.  Read more:http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1036
Senator Rubio, Colleagues Highlight Key Concerns Over Iran Nuclear Offer: http://1.usa.gov/18aMteo
A Real Life Story of ObamaCare's Harmful Effects:
Sent a letter to the Administration this week asking the President to stop picking winners and losers by exempting unions from an Obamacare fee that applies equally to employers, charities, and faith-based organizations.    Obamacare has been harmful to millions of Americans, and the President singling out unions for a fix is cronyism at its worst.
Happy Friday Pennsylvania. Here's my weekly update. For inbox delivery, see http://ow.ly/qSbjv. Thank you for reading!
Even at rolled back levels, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency fuel standards hike food costs and harm our environment. We need to repeal the #RFS.
Penn State was ranked No. 1 in “Best National Universities for Veterans” by U.S. News and World Report... http://news.psu.edu/story/294803/2013/11/11/academics/us-news-and-world-report-names-penn-state-top-national-university
Toured Restek Corporation this morning in Bellefonte in Centre County. Restek is a leading developer and manufacturer of products that help monitor the quality of air, water, soil, foods, pharmaceuticals, chemical, and petroleum products. Thanks for having me.
Congrats to Pittsburgh Pirates center fielder Andrew Mccutchen for winning the 2013 NL MVP Award!
