Dropped the opening puck and watched Nashua police and firefighters face off at the Nashua Police Athletic League's winter classic this evening - great time!
Texas added 387 thousand residents last year, as per census bureau
Another question for new year courtesy of Sen. Reid: Should Congress raise minimum wage if it results in higher unemployment and higher consumer costs?
A new year, more O-care taxes per WSJ: "ObamaCare includes so many taxes that it's hard to keep track, but one of the worst takes effect on Jan. 1. This beaut is a levy on health insurance premiums that targets the small business and individual markets.  At $8 billion in 2014 and $101 billion over the next decade, the insurance tax is larger than ObamaCare's taxes on medical devices and prescription drugs combined."
Q for the new year courtesy of Sen. Reid: Should Congress continue to borrow $25 billion per year to extend unemployment benefits beyond 26 weeks?
Happy New Years Eve, Eve
So proud of Bill and Evonne Williams, who were named by the Omaha World-Herald as "Midlanders of the Year" for their outstanding dedication to our nation's veterans through the Honor Flight Program. #ProudNebraskan  http://dataomaha.com/media/news/2013-midlanders/#2013-midlanders-of-the-year-bill-and-evonne-williams
Congrats to ND! We have a record high of 723,393 people this year, up every year since 2004 - 78,000 total! We're a dynamic, growing state!
Great to be in Grand Forks, the premier hub for UAS, to celebrate its selection by FAA as one of six national test sites!
"We’ve said all along that Grand Forks is an ideal location to test UAS integration, and now the FAA has agreed with us. This test site designation, combined with Grand Sky, the Grand Forks region’s new aerospace technology and business complex on Grand Forks Air Force Base, is tremendously important and enables the entire region to advance the work it has been doing to become the premier northern hub for unmanned aerial systems. As a test site, Grand Forks will be integral in developing the future commercial use of UAS for our nation and the world.”   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=e775431b-bf47-4ba9-9363-e4912b854e56
Way to go Pack!!!
Year in Review – Nov. 7: 1st floor speech since the stroke. Share your stories using #My2013.
 
 View more: http://bit.ly/my-2013
Today I toured the hospital and discussed health care with the dedicated administrators, doctors and nurses at Sheridan County Hospital. There are many unique challenges in rural Kansas, but these folks work hard to make certain quality care is provided to area residents. Thanks again for the informative visit.
#KansasCommonSense: Happy New Year!, Kansas Listening Tour continues, Obamacare exemptions and delays, thanks to fall/winter interns, and more.
Great to be driving across Kansas early this morning. Wishing everyone a safe New Year's Eve and the best in 2014.
What a wonderful day for all of Kansas and especially the over 100 present at a very special celebration in Morganville, in Clay County. Following World War II, the good and compassionate people of Morganville were informed of the terrible plight of the residents of Feves, France, located on the German border.   Their homes and businesses and all their possessions were destroyed. Morganville went to work and raised money for clothes, food, seed, implements etc.and shipped them to Feves---- they literally saved hundreds of lives.   In honor of that event 65 years ago, a delegation from Feves were in Morganville yesterday bringing their heartfelt thanks and good will.   A great day for the spirit of humanity and caring. Here's to Morganville. They made us all better people.
We're still feeling the Wildcat fever in Topeka today. Congratulations on a great victory and season.
Kris and I extend our condolences to the friends and family to former State Rep. Merle Phillips, who passed away this morning.  Rep. Phillips served Pennsylvania and our Country with distinction.
Big Philadelphia Eagles win tonight.  NFC East Champions!  #flyeaglesfly
Wicker Report | For the past 52 years, Congress has passed a National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) outlining the country’s military priorities for the next fiscal year.  Funding for our troops and the equipment they need is essential to ensuring they can fulfill their missions at home and abroad.
