LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that the “real answer” to income inequality in this country “is to liberate the free enterprise system to create more good jobs,” which the president is unlikely to propose in his State of the Union address tonight.    Alexander said, “The first real answer to income inequality is to liberate the free enterprise system to create more good jobs, and that’s harder to do with the big, wet blanket of Obama administration regulations causing employers to reduce the number of jobs. During this year alone, Obamacare will cancel millions more health care policies and add new costs to employers that will cause the destruction of a great many jobs." http://bit.ly/LjByXs 
LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that parents should have more freedom to choose a better school for their child.
  
 This morning at American Enterprise Institute , Sens. Alexander and Scott talked school choice with Frederick M. Hess, and Alexander introduced  the “Scholarships for Kids Act,” his proposal that would allow states to create scholarships out of existing federal education dollars to follow 11 million low-income children to schools they attend. Read more on the “Scholarships for Kids” Act. http://1.usa.gov/L64SzP
Senator Ayotte is honored to have Air Force Captain Jeffrey Osgood, a Pease-based pilot, as her guest for tonight's State of the Union Address.  Ayotte met Capt. Osgood last year while he was serving in Afghanistan.
Continuing to lead efforts in Congress to repeal unfair cuts to military retirement benefits, Senator Ayotte today announced a new proposal to fully repeal the Cost of Living Allowance (COLA) reduction for military retirees that was included in last month's budget deal - which she voted against.  She will offer the new proposal as an amendment to flood insurance legislation that is currently pending in the Senate.  Read more:   
Senator Ayotte recently announced the names of more than 40 New Hampshire students she nominated to attend one of the nation's service academies.   Here are several photos from the reception she hosted to honor the nominees in Concord.
Congratulations to Dover's DJ Montigny who is the son of a Team Ayotte member.  He's heading to Sochi tomorrow to coach the U.S.  Olympic ski team.  Read more:   
The House has passed dozens of jobs bills. As we prepare for the State of the Union tonight, the president should call on Majority Leader Harry Reid to allow votes on these bills and other bipartisan legislation. Watch my comments during today’s GOP leadership stakeout and share your thoughts below.
I joined Judy Woodruff on PBS NewsHour last night to talk about President Obama’s upcoming State of the Union Address. What do you hope to hear from President Obama tonight?
Today I joined Varney & Co to discuss the Patient CARE Act. You can catch the segment below. 
If you weren’t able to tune in last evening, I  joined Greta on Fox News to discuss the Patient CARE Act with Senators Coburn and Hatch. Watch below. 
I’ll be on Fox News On the Record with Greta Van Susteren this evening with Senators Coburn and Hatch to discuss our Patient Choice, Affordability, Responsibility, and Empowerment (CARE) Act. Tune in.
News reports indicate that in tonight’s State of the Union address, President Obama will announce his use of executive action to increase the minimum wage for some federal employees. Do you think it’s appropriate for the President to bypass Congress to achieve this? 
NA
What I would like to hear from the President tonight. #idpol #SOTU #InsideSOTU
Pretty quiet in the Capitol Rotunda right now. #idpol #SOTU
Following the president’s State of the Union address tonight, Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers(R-Washington), a good friend and neighbor of Idaho, will deliver the Republican response to the nation.  Growing up on a farm family in eastern Washington, Cathy has strong western values and I look forward to hearing her message tonight.  I invite you to learn about Cathy before her address tonight by clicking the video link below. Photo credit: Office of Speaker Boehner
 http://youtu.be/nK6c0pePQTE
Idahoans know our country faces serious challenges. What do you want to hear from the president tomorrow night? #idpol #SOTU
President Obama's SOTU will claim his policies strengthen America… we’ve heard that one before: [video]
VIDEO: Cornyn on FOX News: President Has Crisis of Creditability and Competence: 
Cornyn Op-Ed in Breitbart: President Obama’s Credibility Gap
TUNE IN: Today, Senator Corker will join Chuck Todd on MSNBC’s “The Daily Rundown” at 9:35 a.m. ET, CNBC’s “Squawk on the Street” at 11:45 a.m. ET and Chris Matthews on MSNBC’s “Hardball” at 7:00 p.m. ET to preview the State of the Union.
In #SOTU tonight, will President Obama apologize to the millions of Americans who have lost their health insurance because of Obamacare? http://1.usa.gov/1aFlET1
Proud to join Sen. John Cornyn, United States Senator Mike Lee, and Senator David Vitter in filing an amicus brief today in support of the challenge by Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood Specialties against Obamacare’s contraception mandate.
Think about this, to extend insurance to 330,000 people who didn't have it, President Obama and his Administration have screwed up the health care for potentially tens or hundreds of millions of Americans. It doesn't make any sense.
I was sorry to hear about the death of Wyoming State Representative Sue Wallis. She faithfully and passionately served Campbell County and the State of Wyoming for many years, years that were cut short. She embodied the Wyoming spirit of fierce independence and doing what one thinks should be done even if it would be easier not to. Diana and I send our condolences, thoughts and prayers to friends, family and all who have benefited from Sue’s service to our Wyoming community.
I signed an amicus curiae, or friend of the court brief, that challenges the Administration’s authority to requires insurance companies to provide, and employers to pay for, coverage of contraceptives. The real question is does the federal government or a majority of the country have the right to force a minority to give up deeply held religious values.
I expect President Obama in his state of the union speech tonight to emphasize that if he doesn’t get his way on legislation, he’s going to bypass Congress and he will make promises about increasing the minimum wage. The President can’t keep ignoring the Constitution just because he doesn’t get everything he wants. His refusal to listen, results in laws with bad consequences like Obamacare. In order to pay for increasing the minimum wage, the price of what you buy will have to be increased. We need to increase skills to fill the thousands of jobs that are available right now. That’s how people get higher paying jobs and get ahead.
Tonight, the president will deliver the State of the Union address. I hope to hear the president outline a fiscally responsible plan to grow our economy, strengthen middle class families, get Americans back to work, and reduce our unsustainable debt. What do you want to hear?
Proud to provide my guest ticket to tonight’s State of the Union to Korie Robertson of Duck Dynasty
NA
NA
I had a great visit to the Walgreens Distribution Center last week.
Today is the last day for public comment on the Renewable Fuel Standard proposal at epa.gov.  Senator Grassley led an effort of 31 U.S. senators who commented here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/issues/upload/Grassley-Durbin-Letter-to-EPA-RFS-1-22-14.PDF
Last day 4 comment on Renewable Fuel Standard proposal at http://t.co/JKhJoA6gQy-Tell EPA-Bad idea to reduce ethanol use/31 senators agree
Was honored to join Senator Mark Begich, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, the American Legion, and veterans this morning at the #KeepYourPromise press conference. Our nation’s heroes and their families have made incredible sacrifices and we owe them our full support. WATCH: http://bit.ly/1lkfqw0 
We need to do all we can to ensure that our communities have the propane supplies they need, especially with the extremely cold temperatures we’ve been experiencing. This emergency declaration will help alleviate some of the strains being placed on our propane supplies and help to ensure that during these cold winter months, we have the fuel to heat our homes and businesses.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-fmcsa-grants-waiver-from-hours-of-service-regulations-for-nd-to-help-address-propane-shortage
At tonight’s State of the Union, Oklahoma will be proudly represented by Gary Bird, the Fire Chief for Moore, Oklahoma, who will be seated with the First Lady. Bird has faithfully served Oklahomans as a firefighter since 1981, and led us through a difficult, deadly tornado season this past May. Bird and his fellow first responders are Oklahoma’s true heroes! http://newsok.com/moore-fire-chief-gary-bird-will-watch-state-of-the-union-speech-with-the-first-lady/article/3927940
Tornadoes destroyed hundreds of homes in #IL, but FEMA couldn’t help the city of Washington.  Here's why:
Welcome Mayor Gary Manier, my #SOTU guest, to "the other Washington." Thanks for bringing me a Washington Strong shirt.
Talked to Bloomington's WJBC and Riley & Scott on Rockford's WROK 1440 AM this morning about what I hope the President says in #SOTU tonight. What do you want to hear?
Here's a sneak peak of my response to the State of the Union that I will be sharing after the president's speech. #SOTU
I would like to thank everyone for the feedback you provided for my State the Union response.  I am planning to incorporate many of the issues and concerns that you shared. 
I will always appreciate the friendship and support of Sarah and Todd Palin
McConnell: ‘I hope he’ll help us chart a new path for the American people that both parties can support. That might sound like fantasy to some on the hard-left who think tonight’s all about them. But the fact is, there have always been good ideas the two parties can agree on in Washington—ideas that would make life easier, not harder, for working Americans. Until now, the President’s mostly chosen to ignore them. Here’s hoping for something different tonight.’
AP: McConnell: Farm Bill to promote hemp revival http://t.co/EM5K7tJpx6
CJ: Sen. McConnell secures industrial hemp in final version of Farm Bill. http://t.co/U5FVVdXG5e
Today, I joined Senator Roy Blunt and a bipartisan group of 15 senators and 71 representatives to fight for Americans’ First Amendment rights by filing an amicus brief to the U.S. Supreme Court regarding Hobby Lobby v. Sebelius. The U.S. Supreme Court announced that it will hear oral arguments on March 25, 2014, in two cases challenging the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services mandate.  Since our nation’s earliest days, the U.S. Supreme Court has consistently affirmed our First Amendment right to exercise our religious beliefs freely. This threat to religious liberty caused by federal government overreach should be of concern for all Americans – whether or not they ascribe to a particular faith. I urge the Supreme Court to protect the principle of religious liberty upon which our country was founded.
Appeared on CNN earlier to talk about what I want to hear from the President tonight. We need to build on common ground between Republicans and Democrats to break through the gridlock and create more opportunity. 
Doing some preview interviews w/ Ohio TV for tonight's #SOTU. What do you want to hear from the President tonight? instagram.com/p/juUkxNEiKH/ 
Thanks to Sen. Mitch McConnell for this latest work to reintroduce industrial hemp in KY. And thanks to KY Agriculture Commissioner James Comer  -- as well as Reps. Thomas Massie and John Yarmuth, State Sen. Paul Hornback and many, many others -- for pursuing this issue with real leadership.
Warmest wishes for a wonderful birthday to retired Col. Roger Donlon from Leavenworth. Roger is a true American hero. He was awarded the first Congressional Medal of Honor in the Vietnam War.  
 
 Desperately wounded by ambush, he rescued his men and led them to safety. 
 
 The Special Forces Assn, Chapter 29 had a spirited luncheon today in his honor. 
 
 Roger and Norma, we honor you, value you, and wish you many many more Happy Birthdays.
My friend Leawood Mayor Peggy Dunn delivers her 13th annual State of the City Address. Mayor Dunn reports that Leawood continues to "grow with distinction." Congratulations to Mayor Dunn, the Leawood city council and staff, the Leawood Chamber of Commerce and most importantly the entrepreneurial citizens and businesses that help drive the Kansas economy.
Check out my article in Breitbart.com today. I again request that the President use tomorrow’s State of the Union address to tell the whole story of Benghazi.
 
 http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Peace/2014/01/27/President-Obama-Should-Use-the-State-of-the-Union-to-Give-us-the-Whole-Story-on-Benghazi#disqus_thread
I could not sign the 2014 Farm Bill Conference Report this evening because it takes agriculture policy backward instead of enacting forward thinking reforms that are good for farmers, ranchers and the taxpayer. 
Senator Rubio Presses Obama Administration On Human Rights Approach To China: 1.usa.gov/1iHx6Qq    Rubio: “I hope that it is clear that we want a good relationship with China, but not at the expense of the fundamental human rights that define us as a nation and as a people.”
Momentum Grows For Rubio-Griffin ObamaCare Taxpayer Bailout Prevention Legislation: http://1.usa.gov/1ndjb4S  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Congressman Tim Griffin (R-AR) today welcomed new signs of growing momentum against a taxpayer-funded bailout of health insurance companies under ObamaCare. In a recent letter to Rubio and Griffin, 33 national groups and leaders, representing the views of millions of Americans, formed a coalition in support of legislation to eliminate ObamaCare risk corridor payments.  ... 
NA
Let me know - what do you want to hear in the President's #StateOfTheUnion tonight?
Discussing the great opportunities school choice can open for our students during National School Choice Week
Looking forward to your visit, Mayor C. Kim Bracey! #SOTU
In tonight's #SOTU, President Barack Obama has a chance to work with Congress for a pro-growth agenda. Here's what I'd like to hear. How about you?
The House passed the "No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act" today.  I call on the Senate to take up this bipartisan bill without delay.
I'm joining Senator Roy Blunt in filing an amicus brief to urge the Supreme Court to protect religious liberty.
NA
NA
