A CHRISTMAS MESSAGE FROM SENATOR KELLY AYOTTE  Dear Friends,   Christmas is a special time of year in New Hampshire.  There's nothing like snow on the ground and a chill in the air to get you in the holiday spirit.  With two young kids at home, I can't wait for Christmas morning -  I know that it will be an exciting time at our house.  But Christmas is about so much more than presents under the tree.  It's a season of giving and goodwill. And it's a time to gather with family and friends to give thanks for our many blessings.  As Americans, we're blessed to live in the greatest nation on Earth.  As we look to the promise of a New Year, may we join together and commit ourselves to building an even stronger and more prosperous country.  From my home to yours, I wish you and yours a Merry Christmas -- warmed by family, friends, and faith.  And I send my best wishes for a happy and healthy New Year.  I look forward to seeing you in 2014!
What really matters: Hope everyone has a wonderful Christmas with family and friends
AP headline: "OBAMA ENROLLS FOR HEALTH COVERAGE, WON'T USE IT"
Taking time this Christmas season to remember our military men and women and their families who sacrifice so much to protect our freedoms and keep our country safe. My family and I thank you and wish you a Blessed Christmas. We hold you in our prayers. God Bless.
Holiday cheer from the Abernathy-White Christmas Breakfast this morning in Spartanburg.  A great time was had by all!
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
 
 We are blessed to live in the United States of America -- a beacon of hope and freedom to the rest of the world. 
 
 As another year comes to a close, let's be sure to celebrate and reflect on all blessings God has given our families and our country. Please continue to keep all of our men and women in uniform, first responders and their families in your prayers. 
 
 Cherish this time with your loved ones, embrace the freedoms that our fellow citizens have sacrificed to protect and celebrate the hope of our faith during this miraculous holiday season. 
 
 May God continue to bless your family and our country in the coming New Year.
Year in Review – July 3: Reducing the VA Claims Backlog.  Share your own stories using #My2013.
 
 View more: http://bit.ly/my-2013
I am angered and deeply disappointed by Interior Sec. Sally Jewell’s decision to continue to put the lives of the people of King Cove in danger by rejecting a life saving road to Cold Bay.  As I told reporters this afternoon, this is a horrible decision at any time, but horribly offensive going into the holidays. It is an additional slap in the face to the people of King Cove and shows that the Department of Interior understands how deeply troubling and problematic is this complete rejection of its Native trust responsibility. This administration may be willing to abandon the people of King Cove, but I am not going to give up on them.
Let’s remember all the brave men and women serving overseas in our Armed Forces who can’t be home for the holidays.
From my family to yours, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbnLhSkNQ_I
Senator Rubio and his family send warm holiday wishes.
Senador Marco Rubio les desea una Feliz Navidad
Safe travels to all those visiting family and friends this week. Enjoy Christmas, New Years and everything in between!
Congratulations to Rion and Megan on their acceptance. Death Valley will welcome two new fans next year!  http://www.goupstate.com/article/20131214/ARTICLES/131219807/0/search?p=1&tc=pg
Great story of a community rallying together.  Please keep Laney Brown and her family in your thoughts and prayers this Christmas Eve. http://bit.ly/1d5TUF0
