Major Generals Gus Hargett and Max Haston present Senator Alexander with a model of the C-17s the Tennessee National Guard now flies in Memphis.
Missourians are rightly concerned about the Obama Administration’s burdensome and costly regulations. Today I spoke on the floor about several of these regulations that hurt Missouri families, farmers, and businesses, as well as the need for us to rein in the president’s executive over-reach with bills like Senator Rand Paul’s “REINS Act” and the “ENFORCE the Law Act,” which I introduced in the Senate to require the president to uphold his constitutional obligation to “faithfully execute the law.” How has this administration’s over-regulation and over-reach impacted you and your family?
Senator Bob Kerrey, who served on the Intelligence Committee for eight years, wrote in USA Today about his misgivings and concerns with the Intel Report. He highlights the partisan nature in which the Democrats developed the report, the report’s lack of interviews and other important source material, and that the report contains no recommended guidance or solutions.
Former CIA Directors George J. Tenet, Porter J. Goss and Michael V. Hayden and former CIA Deputy Directors John E. McLaughlin, Albert M. Calland and Stephen R. Kappes wrote a response to the Intel report released yesterday.   Bottom-line: The report is one-sided, marred by fictions and errors and the work done by the Intelligence communities saved lives.
It was great getting to spend time today with Arkansas Senate pages Cogan Wade of Little Rock and Anthony Bennett of Ashdown. My colleagues and I appreciate their service this semester.
Arkansas veterans deserve certainty for the programs, services and benefits they earned and depend on. Preventing disability compensation, pension and GI Bill benefits from being used as a political football during budget fights is the right thing to do for our veterans so interruptions in services can be avoided.
NA
Senate Approves Cornyn-Flores Bill To Name Waco VA Medical Center After WWII Hero Doris Miller:
Yesterday I met with Bexar County Sheriff Susan Pamerleau in my DC office to discuss ongoing efforts to improve our criminal justice system.
We must reverse this disastrous foreign policy and bring back strong American leadership in the world!
The Senate has sent a united signal that we denounce Hamas' barbaric tactics and unequivocally support Israel's right to self-defense!
Within 48 hours, President Obama has set Guantanamo Bay detainees free, and Senate Democrats have endangered Americans all over the world by releasing classified tactics, which have since rightly been outlawed, used by the intelligence community in the aftermath of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. The Democrats’ foreign policy – defined by a series of actions designed to appease our enemies and diminish the capability and morale of our military men and women – is profoundly dangerous.    Every civilized nation agrees that torture is wrong. But today’s partisan report will endanger lives, drive away our allies – who have never been more needed than now – and undermine the ability of our intelligence officers and soldiers to protect our national security. After six years, enough with saying "everything is George W. Bush's fault." It’s sad that, with all the threats we face across the globe, Senate Democrats are still more interested in scoring political points against the Bush Administration than in working together to keep America safe and our military strong.
The IRS has improperly paid out more than $20 billion in tax credits, according to a report released Tuesday. Twenty billion dollars could pay military salaries, build roads, fix bridges, maintain national parks. It could even go toward our massive debt, but instead the IRS continues to blunder its way forward.
Wyoming approved the first law in the nation granting women the right to vote 145 years ago today. That historic event is now commemorated across our great state as Wyoming Day.
EPA’s proposed water rule is a massive expansion of federal power. It would create expensive compliance requirements and penalties for ag producers, businesses, and individual land owners. For more on this damaging federal power grab, watch my recent discussion with NCBA's Cattlemen to Cattlemen
Taking a few minutes this morning to watch Congressman Trey Gowdy and the House Select Committee on #Benghazi.
Senator Grassley believes each energy production tax incentive deserves consideration on its merits, and that attacks on wind energy too often occur in a vacuum.  Read more here:
Transparency and accountability won a victory in the U.S. Senate last night.  Thanks to grass roots support, the FOIA Improvement Act cleared the Senate and now heads to the House of Representatives.  The bipartisan legislation Senator Grassley cosponsored with Senator Leahy and Senator Cornyn ensures that federal agencies will no longer be able to hide behind FOIA exemptions because they fear the material released will be embarrassing. This bill makes sure agencies start with a yes mentality and only deny disclosure when doing so would harm a legally protected interest or is otherwise prohibited by law.
Yesterday, I met with Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. Microsoft has 1 of 3 regional operations centers in the world located in Reno, bringing top-of-the-line technological and economic benefits to the local community.
Had a great time participating in this year’s Senate Secret Santa. Thanks, Al Franken for the hand-drawn map of the U.S.
Today the National Guard celebrates it’s 378th years of being "Always Ready" and "Always There."
Thank you to everyone who participated in my q&a - I wish I could type faster! -rj
Hi, everyone! I am getting ready to take your questions. Please ask your questions in the comments section below.
Yesterday, Senator Johnson questioned Secretary Kerry on why the administration has not sent Congress a draft plan on how to deal with #ISIS.
My friend and mentor Judy Baar Topinka's sudden passing is a shock and very saddening. Her death is a loss to all who knew her and to our great state. My prayers are with her family today, especially her beloved son Joseph.
From Utah Politico Hub:   "With a rule that ignores the geography of the Intermountain West, the EPA seems to be ignoring common sense, science and a willingness to work with the states to account for their unique issues. Instead, mountainous states of the west face the very real possibility that they may be penalized for failure to comply with impossible standards. What exactly that penalty might be is unclear: the EPA hasn’t stated a specific penalty and it’s uncertain what penalties the EPA could legally apply."  Should states like Utah be forced by the EPA to lower ozone levels below the naturally occurring level?
Today, in his office in the U.S. Capitol, Senator McConnell congratulated and welcomed Senator-elect Bill Cassidy of Louisiana to the Senate
Barkley’s grandson praises Senator McConnell: As Kentuckians, I think we should all be excited about what Sen. McConnell’s new job will mean for us, and proud that one of our own has reached this lofty post. There is no doubt in my mind that my grandfather would feel the same. He and Sen. McConnell have much in common, and both are a good example for the rest of us regardless of which political we happen to belong.
Today I attended a Republican High-Tech Task Force discussion featuring Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. In his first trip to Washington since succeeding Steve Ballmer as CEO, Mr. Nadella provided an overview of important policy issues facing not only Microsoft but the technology sector and greater American economy. We also had a good discussion about the Kansas tech economy and ways to make our state more competitive when it comes to developing tech talent.
The EPA was 8 days away from imposing a regulation on, basically, rinsing salmon guts off your fishing boat back into water. I’m glad I was able to work with my Senate colleagues to block this harmful policy for three years and hope a permanent fix can be made to protect our fisherman and coastal communities.
Southcentral Alaskans—it’s a rough winter morning on the roads, so take care to drive with extra caution.
Met with Ambassador Geoff Pyatt yesterday to discuss latest developments in Ukraine & the state of current U.S. assistance efforts. We’re fortunate to have his leadership in Kyiv.
My #WCW is my incredible wife Kelley. Without her, I'd be half the man I am today.
The IRS has much to prove to the American people. They must work to restore our trust and must return their focus to their core duties. The targeting of conservative groups, the awarding of excessive bonuses and wasteful conferences must be stopped. The Congress has listened to the taxpayer and has acted to reign in the agency.
Just a reminder to turn out in support of Fort Leavenworth tomorrow!
Rubio Comments On Obamacare Bailout Provisions: http://1.usa.gov/1Ge7jIA  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), the original sponsor of S.2214, the Obamacare Taxpayer Bailout Protection Act, today issued the following statement regarding the Obamacare bailout provisions in the omnibus spending bill released last night:   “For over a year, I’ve fought to protect Americans from having to fund massive bailouts to protect the profits of the insurance companies that helped write Obamacare. While there is much in this massive spending measure that is simply bad for America, at least the provisions protecting against a taxpayer-funded bailout of insurance companies are a step in the right direction. While the Obama administration can still administer the risk-corridor program, for one year at least, they won’t be able to use taxpayer funds to bail out insurance companies. When Congress returns next year, I will fight to permanently repeal the risk corridor provisions to protect taxpayers after the current legislation expires.”   In October, Rubio and his colleagues sent a letter to Speaker Boehner urging him to protect Congress’ power of the purse and prohibit the Obama administration from dispersing unlawful risk corridor payments that expose taxpayers to an Obamacare bailout.
Rubio Comments On Senate’s Passage Of Coast Guard Reauthorization: http://1.usa.gov/1x37o04  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), the Ranking Member of the Senate Commerce Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries and the Coast Guard, today welcomed the Senate’s unanimous passage of legislation to reauthorize the U.S. Coast Guard through FY 2015.    Among the legislation’s measures are two provisions Rubio championed that would make it easier for veterans to be hired in the maritime industry, as well as a three year exemption for small commercial vessels from unnecessary regulations from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).   “Florida's maritime industry is a national leader in economic opportunity and job creation, and we need to do all we can to eliminate unnecessary job obstacles that veterans face when transitioning back to civilian careers in this sector,” said Rubio. “Including this pro-veterans policy in this legislation is something that will make a real difference to our returning heroes.   “We should also act to make sure small commercial fishing vessels have some relief for the coming year that the EPA won’t crush their businesses with burdensome regulations,” added Rubio. “I remain committed to passing broader legislation that addresses more of the problems the EPA is unnecessarily causing commercial vessel owners, but this at least provides some temporary relief until we can pass a permanent solution next year.”   More specifically, the legislation includes a Rubio-championed provision that will streamline the mariner certification process for veterans by allowing for relevant military experience to count towards the certification. It also requires the Cabinet secretary overseeing the Coast Guard to maximize the extent to which U.S. Armed Forces service, training and qualifications are creditable toward meeting internal seafarer standards.
Senado Aprueba Sanciones Contra Régimen Venezolano
ICYMI: CNS: Rubio: Cradle of Christianity Is Losing Its Christians: http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/susan-jones/rubio-cradle-christianity-losing-its-christians-0   "Christians in the Middle East today are a fraction of what they were not so long ago," Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and others told a Senate hearing on Tuesday.   "If we continue on this pace, we're going to have a world where there are no Christian communities left in what was the cradle of Christianity."   Not only are Christians fleeing persecution, but their history is being "wiped out," including manuscripts, churches, and antiquities that can't be rebuilt, Rubio told Bishop Francis Kalabat, one of those testifying before the Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee.   "You hit the nail on its head," said Bishop Kalabat, the leader of Detroit's Chaldean Catholic Diocese. "It's kind of like if there was an attack on Washington, D.C., and you destroy all the monuments. you know, there are just so -- not only symbolic, but this is the heart of our country. And so when you do that with a heart of a faith, then you have -- you're -- it's a targeted and a calculated attack to wipe out history.   "And we're always the pawns whenever there's any kind of sectarian religious conflict," he added.  ...
Honored to meet Louise Smith Osborne from Westminster, South Carolina, who served in the Civil Air Patrol!   The Civil Air Patrol was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal today in Washington for their brave efforts during WWII.
FEMA has announced that $3.9 million in funding is being made available to recoup the cost of tornado damage debris removal in Louisville and Winston County.
