Happy Mother's Day.
Happy Mother's Day!
My mother had such an influence on my life. Happy Mother’s Day to all of Idaho’s moms and thanks for everything you do.
Happy Mother's Day!
Behind the scenes for 9AM interview on CNN's "State of the Union"
Happy Mothers Day
Natural gas exports results in more jobs and lower CO2 levels
Mr. President, this is NOT a tax cut: "CBO and JCT now estimate that the insurance coverage provisions of the ACA will have a net cost of $1,168 billion over the 2012–2022 period"
Stargazing in West Texas
Today we pause to thank our mothers for being sources of inspiration, strength, and never-ending love. In particular, I'd like to thank two very special mothers: my mom, for her courage, her insight, and her unconditional love and support my whole life; and Heidi, for being my soulmate and best friend and for her fierce love and devotion to our two precious little girls. Without these two women, I truly wouldn't be who I am today. Happy Mother's Day!
Since IRS started investigating Tea Party tax exempt application IRS is now "InvestigateRepublicanSupporters"  A return to NixonIntimidation
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms in Kentucky. How are you honoring your mother today?
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of the victims in the Ottawa tragedy.
If you missed my interview on Fox News this morning about the troubling IRS tax record leaks, view it here. When Americans file taxes or donate to a cause they believe in, they have a right to assume their tax return will not be used for political purposes.
Wishing all moms — especially my wife, Robba — a happy mother's day today.
A Huge congratulations to the Graduating Class of 2013 at the Manokotak 'Nunaniq' School! These seniors invited me to their graduation yesterday, but unfortunately, I couldn't be there in person.  I was able to send a note to each of them and a special DVD message.  So proud of all Alaska's newest high school graduates!
On this Mother's Day, let us take extra time to celebrate those women in our lives who have given us not only hope and faith and love but life itself.
Senador Marco Rubio: “Hola, este es el senador Marco Rubio de la Florida. Quiero extender un feliz Día de las Madres a todas las madres de la Florida y de los Estados Unidos. Este año especialmente quiero reconocer a las madres de nuestros veteranos, de los jóvenes que están sirviendo en las fuerzas armadas en el extranjero y sacrificándose y a veces dando su vida por nuestras libertades y por poder vivir en paz. Que Dios bendiga a todas esas madres que están sirviendo las fuerzas armadas y que están sirviendo también aquí en el país como policías o bomberos. Muchísimas gracias por sus servicios. Que Dios bendiga a todas las madres en este feliz Día de las Madres”.
Senator Rubio Wishes Moms A Happy Mother’s Day: http://1.usa.gov/10QEASw
Happy Mother's Day to my mom and moms everywhere!
Happy Mother's Day to Kris and all the moms out there.
