I voted today for Senator Ted Cruz’s amendment to repeal ObamaCare. Nearly three years after this government takeover was signed into law, I'm still fighting against President Obama’s broken promises.
Tomorrow is Obamacare’s third anniversary – has it lived up to all of the promises that were made?   Click below to watch and share if you’re sick of broken promises from Washington.
Follow this link to read about the budget amendments I authored and will be pushing for votes on
I wanted to share with you one of the articles I read this morning.
In our latest "From the Mailbag" segment we discuss sequestration and the flexibility provided to agencies in the recently passed continuing resolution.
I will join Chris Cillizza on MSNBC at 1:05 pm (ET) 11:05 am (MT). Tune in.
I wrote in Fox News Opinion today on how we need to stop ObamaCare's massive "HIT" tax before it puts more Americans out of work.
By forcing individuals to buy health insurance, imposing harmful regulations and raising taxes, Obamacare is stifling our economy and burdening Hoosier families. I am committed to repealing Obamacare and replacing it with a health care system that puts patients first, increases the quality of care and decreases costs.
Just voted to require the Senate Democrats' balance their budget in 10 years. Hoosier families and businesses have to balance their budgets and so should the federal government. Instead, the Senate Democrat majority shamefully blocked this effort to provide the American people with a balanced budget. Congress needs to focus on growing the economy, not the government.
News Release: Senator Jim Risch and I joined Nevada Senator Dean Heller to introduce an amendment that ensure collaboration in sage grouse recovery. We need to insert common sense into federal discussions about sage grouse protection, which this amendment aims to do.
VIDEO: Despite the President’s pledge at that time not to raise taxes by even one dime on middle income Americans, we now know that Obamacare does raise taxes.  The Joint Tax Committee indicated that there were at least seven taxes in the health care law that will hit the middle class.  My amendment, offered earlier today, would have repealed those taxes and protected the President’s pledge.  Unfortunately, the amendment failed along party lines. http://youtu.be/mKb6VxVQwMc
Cornyn Cosponsors Amendment to Force Balanced Budget:
VIDEO: Cornyn Floor Speech Marking 3 Year Anniversary of Obamacare:
Year 3 of #Obamacare: The President made empty promises & gambled on Americans having short-term memory, but it was a bad bet. http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=InNews&ContentRecord_id=fe82742c-9b21-4fd1-bec8-9d5e38e1e7d4
On tomorrow’s 3-yr Obamacare anniversary, there won’t be a celebration for the White House to sequester. My statement here: http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=InNews&ContentRecord_id=fe82742c-9b21-4fd1-bec8-9d5e38e1e7d4
Just voted for Sen. Cruz's amdt to repeal Obamacare, which I cosponsored:
Free Beacon: Cornyn Requests Congressional Hearing on Detainees Release
Always popular, much anticipated Budget Vote-o-Rama starting on Senate floor circa 3 p.m.
More than 700K people became naturalized American citizens last year
VIDEO: Cornyn on Fox News Discussing His "No Budget, No OMB Pay" amendment:
Cornyn Proposes Cutting Funding to US Fish and Wildlife Over TX Species Listings:
Going on The Andrea Tantaros Show at 8:30am CT, listen in if you can:
Cornyn Presses for Details on Illegal Immigrants Freed in Texas:
Cornyn Cosponsors Cruz Amendment to Defund Obamacare:
On border security, DHS hasn't a clue
Today, Senator Corker cosponsored an amendment to the budget that would prohibit any increase in the guarantee fee – which is required to be charged by government-sponsored enterprises Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac – from offsetting additional government spending, an amendment aimed at the same problem Senator Corker and his colleagues Senators Warner, Vitter, and Warren would solve with their “Jumpstart GSE Reform” bill introduced last week. “I applaud all of the cosponsors of the amendment filed to the budget for highlighting the need for substantive and structural housing finance reform.  The reality is that if Congress were to spend ‘g’fee’ revenue from the GSEs on other programs, reforming Fannie and Freddie would become nearly impossible.  I believe this amendment, as well as my standalone bill, takes a necessary step to ensure housing finance reform can happen as soon as possible.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/XvBsLT.
On the Senate floor offering an amendment to the Senate Budget Resolution to repeal Obamacare.
 
 SHARE if you want it to pass!
Congress is one step closer to opening avenues for research to determine the safety of transplanting HIV-positive organs into people with HIV/AIDS. This week the Health, Education, Labor & Pensions Committee passed the HIV Organ Policy Equity (HOPE) Act.
Something unusual could start at about 12:35 p.m. (Wyoming time) today in the Senate.  The Capitol Hill crowd call it a “vote-a-rama”.  It’s a series of votes taken in succession and none of us know when we’ll stop.  We may go into the wee hours of Saturday morning.  It’s happening because for the first time in four years the majority actually produced a budget.  Because of the Senate rules for considering a budget, the majority leader can’t block amendments from being considered like he usually does.  Also, instead of needing 60 votes to pass, amendments offered to the budget resolution only require a majority.  It would be better to spread the votes over more time and debate them, but at least we are having them. It may be hard to follow, but you can watch live at senate.gov , click on “web floorcast”.
The majority has offered us a Charlie Brown deal when it comes to tax increases and spending cuts.
Pleased to join my colleagues, including 34 Democrats, in the successful vote last night to repeal the tax on medical-device sales, which is key to funding ObamaCare. The measure is a great step towards rolling back key portions of this controversial law that hurts American jobs and competitiveness. "Like" and "share" if you agree.
Will join Gary Sadlemyer on KFAB Good Morning Show at 8:20 am CT. Tune in LIVE here: http://www.iheart.com/live/1325/?autoplay=true
Sen. Grassley pictured with 20,000 pages of Obamacare regulations.  The regs are seven feet tall, and there’s more to come.
FCC’s Chairman’s Departure, LightSquared Debacle
Grassley Amendment to Give Consumer Agency an Inspector General
JudicCmte hrg on domestic drones shld lead to more study, not concern just abt military drones. Msg on my YouTube channel
Grassley says hearing should mark start of review of domestic use of drones
Iowan Jane Kelly just passed out of the Judic Committee to be judge on 8th circuit ct of appeals.
Last night NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams ran a story about the backlog of veterans’ benefit claims. Keep in mind that Nevada has 10,000 claims pending.   To watch the NBC News segment click here: http://nbcnews.to/Z9h7yv  To read my latest efforts regarding this issue click here: http://1.usa.gov/WHrmdp  Like and share this post with your friends if you agree that Nevada veterans deserve better.
ICYMI: I just got back from the Senate floor where I urged support for my amendments to the budget.  You can learn about all of my amendments here: http://1.usa.gov/Z8vAL2
“Passing this Keystone XL amendment demonstrates with the clarity and firmness of a formal vote that the U.S. Senate supports the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline and finds it in the national interest of the American people. The amendment recognizes that the country will benefit from the pipeline by adding tens of thousands of jobs for Americans, billions of dollars to our economy and new tax revenue for our local, state and federal governments.”
Last evening I voted for and the Senate passed an amendment to the Senate Budget that would repeal ObamaCare's medical device tax. This tax will cost manufactures roughly $194 million per month and potentially threaten the jobs of 43,000 Americans.  ObamaCare is filled with empty promises and higher taxes, and repeal of this burdensome tax is another step in a movement towards a full repeal of ObamaCare.
I released a statement earlier today describing the amendments I am offering that will protect American taxpayers.
NA
Numbers don't lie.  Its time for Congress to save Social Security.
NA
Spread the word: "Lee’s amendment, which his office provided to CQ Roll Call, features a broad definition of gun control and seeks to require a 67-vote supermajority threshold for passage of a number of the proposals that are expected to be debated on the floor next month.  "The amendment, for example, seeks to require the supermajority for any bill that 'prohibits specific firearms or categories or firearms' or 'limits the size of ammunition feeding devices,' an apparent reference to the assault weapons ban (S 150) sponsored by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif.  "It would also require a supermajority for any bill that 'requires background checks through a federal firearms licensee for private transfers of firearms,' a reference to a proposal (S 374) by Sen. Charles E. Schumer, D-N.Y., that has been the subject of weeks of bipartisan negotiations and also will be included in the April floor debate."
The United States Senate is famously referred to as the “world’s greatest deliberative body.”  For the first time in four years, this great institution will live up to its reputation, as it moves to debate a federal budget.  The budget is the one bill every year to which any Senator can offer an amendment on almost any topic.  I am glad we all have this opportunity to introduce amendments that reflect the concerns and priorities of our constituents.  I look forward to staying as long as necessary to ensure that each senator can participate in this process, and I hope the Senate can become a body where this kind of debate happens more frequently.  I have prepared several amendments that I plan to introduce as part of this budget resolution.  Here is a list of several of the amendments that I am introducing:
NA
McConnell: ‘The longer Obamacare sits on the books the stronger the argument against it becomes, and the more determined Republicans are to repeal this colossal legislative mistake and start over with commonsense reforms that lower costs.’
Today, the FAA released the final list of 149 contract control towers that are targeted for closure beginning April 7, 2013. The Kansas Air Traffic Control facilities that are on the final closure list include: Philip Billard Municipal in Topeka; Hutchinson Municipal in Hutchinson; New Century Air Center in Olathe; Johnson County Executive in Olathe; and Manhattan Regional in Manhattan. Fortunately, Forbes Field in Topeka and Garden City Regional in Garden City have been removed from the closure list.  The Administration’s decision to shutter these air traffic control towers is short-sighted and dangerous. Closing control towers is equivalent to removing stop lights and stop signs from our roads.   Although my amendment to save the control towers and protect public safety was blocked by the Administration, this fight is not over. The Contract Tower Program is one of the most efficiently-run programs in the FAA, and it should be protected from an arbitrary and unfair 75 percent cut. I will continue my work to make certain the Administration puts the safety of air travelers first, and will actively encourage the FAA reconsider its decision. I have already spoken to the Chairperson of the Appropriations Committee to seek out other avenues to protect the 149 control towers slated for closure.
I am proud of our area civic leaders for what was a productive meeting with General Selva. Their advocacy of behalf of the Wichita and Derby communities and McConnell AFB is instrumental to our tanker basing efforts.
There are literally hundreds of backlogged amendments after four years without a Senate budget. Because we are finally debating a budget resolution, the majority party cannot restrict Senators from offering amendments—382 have been filed so far.
You don't mess with Mother Nature and Frankenfish -- but if it absolutely must forward, the least we should do is require it to be labeled clearly so people can steer clear of it. Senator Begich and I introduced an amendment on this a few moments ago on the floor and it passed! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kq9PSOgWhjY&feature=youtu.be
Unfortunately, the Senate Democrats’ budget continues the failed pattern of excessive taxing, spending, and borrowing.  Rather than continuing to expand the size and scope of government with more spending and more borrowing, it’s time to expand the private sector and add jobs.
Our tax rate, which in 1986 was purposely put in place to be just below the average of all the developed economies in the world, is now the highest rate in the world. We should cap or eliminate inefficient tax preferences and loopholes, and should use that revenue to reduce both the corporate and the individual rate without adding to the deficit
Today, I unveiled my 2014 Budget - A Clear Vision to Revitalize America. My plan balances the budget in five years, significantly reduces spending and restores fiscal order to Washington.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=747
Tonight, I proposed an amendment to fix our nation’s infrastructure problems, funded entirely through offsets in foreign aid and the Department of Energy’s Loan Guarantee Budget.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=746
Just introduced the Bonuses for Cost-Cutters Act, a bipartisan bill introduced with Sen. Mark Begich, that encourages federal agencies to return unused funds to the taxpayer.  http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=745
Happy 3rd Birthday ObamaCare.
 
 http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Obamacare
Catching glimpses of the K-State game in the cloak room between votes on budget amendments.  What a come back! I hope everyone is pulling for our Kansas teams. EMAW
Today I made the following statement on the health care amendments I introduced to the Budget currently on the Senate floor and tomorrow's third anniversary of Obamacare.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=VhZ6ai0N-pQ
The savings I am proposing will occur over 10 years and will not affect food benefits to those the program was truly intended to serve.  We need to ensure that precious taxpayer dollars are getting to those in the greatest need.  http://www.kansascity.com/2013/03/21/4135299/kansas-sen-pat-roberts-we-must.html
Rubio Votes To Repeal ObamaCare Also touts successful effort to repeal a key ObamaCare tax
Rubio Votes To Balance Federal Budget In Ten Years  Rubio: "The Senate Democrat budget is an irresponsible joke of a public policy that proposes over a trillion dollars in job-killing tax increases and makes no attempt to balance the budget."
WATCH: Sen. Shelby spoke on the Senate floor today to address the Democrats' proposed budget and the country's fiscal problems. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxrDqZctGVM&feature=youtu.be
Here's an excerpt from the letter we just posted from the ICE Agents' Union:  "As an ICE officer, and as the union representative for 7,000 ICE agents, officers and support staff, I applaud the Senators who authored the letter to Chairman Leahy regarding the need for an open and thorough committee review of any immigration plan. On behalf of all the law enforcement officers represented by the National ICE Council, I would like to thank Ranking Member Grassley, Senator Hatch, Senator Sessions, Senator Cornyn, Senator Lee and Senator Cruz… We have a very real concern that the immigration bill being crafted behind closed doors by a group of eight lawmakers will be rushed to passage without proper public consideration and proper input from the law enforcement community. Our politically appointed leaders, DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano and ICE Director John Morton, do not speak for us when it comes to enforcing the law. Secretary Napolitano and Director Morton have repeatedly undermined the ability of our officers to enforce and protect the public safety. We believe the first priority of Congress ought to be ensuring that the immigration laws it has already passed are enforced.”
NA
NA
The Senate adopted a bipartisan resolution from Sen. Sessions to recognize April 2013 as Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia (CDH) Awareness Month
NA
NA
Sessions introduced a bipartisan resolution to commemorate the 30th Anniversary of the Strategic Defense Initiative:  “The drive to promote national security and peace through defense are pillars of our renowned Huntsville community”
Watch this video to see Sen. Sessions calling out his majority colleagues for falsely claiming balance.
Sen. Sessions is speaking on the floor as the Senate budget debate continues. Tune in!
NA
NA
Glad I had the opportunity to step out between votes to see the students of Myrtle Beach Christian Academy!
I just voted to force Senate Democrats to submit a balanced budget. Unfortunately, my Democratic colleagues defeated the motion.
Offering an amendment to the budget resolution to roll back an Obamacare tax increase on middle-class families and seniors hoping to deduct catastrophic medical costs. See more here:
Villanova vs. North Carolina in twenty minutes...Go Cats!
Senate business kept me in D.C. today, but I was happy to work with Sen. Casey to nominate Mal Mannion to the U.S. District Ct. for the Middle District of PA. Glad my state Director Bob DeSousa could attend today’s ceremony and read a letter on my behalf.
Marta Gabriel, my regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, takes part in the groundbreaking ceremony for the Easton Intermodal Transportation Center this afternoon in downtown Easton.
Glad my Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, was on hand for the groundbreaking of Easton's city hall bus station and parking garage. This will be a new central hub and help facilitate more business downtown.
Congrats to La Salle University! Explorers defeat Kansas State 63-61. How is your bracket looking now?
NCAA basketball update: La Salle University tied with Kansas State. 4 minutes left...
Congratulations to Temple University on their 76-72 win over N.C. State! Nail-biter!
Visiting DC this spring? The Library of Congress will be displaying the Gettysburg Address from now through May 4. One of the greatest speeches from one of our greatest presidents...
I just voted for Senator Ted Cruz's amendment to repeal Obamacare.
I'll be on with WILK's Sue Henry at 9:30 to share an update on Washington's budget battles this week. Hope you can tune in:
Last night, the Senate voted 79-20 to overwhelmingly repeal the medical device tax created by the president's healthcare law. Thanks to Senator Bob Casey, Jr. for also opposing this disastrous, job-killing tax and saving Pennsylvania $100 million a year.
