Seeing Zero Dark 30 tonight.  From others who have, what did you think?
On Fox News Sunday today, Sen. Bob Corker called a federal appeals court’s ruling declaring several Obama administration appointments unconstitutional "a huge victory for anybody who believes in balance of power and the Constitution." He also defended Republican efforts to put Social Security and Medicare on a sustainable path and expressed frustration over the president's lack of emphasis on the need to solve the nation's fiscal challenges during his second inaugural address. Watch segments of the interview here: http://bit.ly/14o0cKN
REMINDER: Senator Corker will join host Chris Wallace and Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) this morning on “Fox News Sunday.” Local listings here: http://fxn.ws/10Z4jif.
The EPA and radical environmentalism strike again. This time, jeopardizing thousands of Texas jobs:
We are on the verge of a rebirth of conservatism. How do we make that happen? Two words for every Republican to remember: Opportunity and Growth.  Watch and SHARE video from National Review Institute Summit speech yesterday:
There will b weather in Iowa today   So I'm flying bk to DC early
PresObama said a decade of war is ending War on Terror is 25yrs old It will continue PresKennedy said"it will be a long twilight struggle"
Our CommanderInChief shld not b so romantic about war to say"a decade of war is ending"(inaugural)when Americans die in Bengahzi/Algeria
Today is International Holocaust Remembrance Day. We will never forget.
ICYMI: Lou Dobbs Praises Rubio’s Work On Immigration: 1.usa.gov/110sIUG   Lou Dobbs: “I want to give Rubio credit because I really believe, I mean, he has really been working on this issue. He’s been working on it, I know, for most of 2012. And what form that takes, I don’t know yet. But I do know that he’s talking intelligently about a rational, effective, humane response to the issue. And the idea is going to be whether Republican Party has the ability, the capacity, the will, to put him in a position so that he can represent the party on an issue – or whomever the party decides – will have the strongest voice and has the best ideas to put forward.”
