Happy Father's Day! So grateful for my grandfather, dad and step-dad, who have all made a difference in my life. And for my wing man, Joe, who is an awesome dad to Kate and Jake!
Wishing all the dads out there a very happy #FathersDay
Happy Father's Day, dads. Enjoy your day!
http://www.yourhoustonnews.com/bay_area/opinion/cornyn-s-texas-times-the-gift-of-fatherhood/article_9959c98f-cd2e-5490-b7a5-540efd483b17.html?mode=jqm
For my entire life, my dad has been my hero.   Father, you are a man of faith and conviction. You came to America with nothing, and you've given me everything. Thank you. Because of you -- because of your struggle to escape tyranny in Cuba, I've been blessed to understand the preciousness of freedom.  On this Father's Day, I want to thank not only my father, but every father for your dedication to your family and your children.
Wishing a Happy Father's Day to all the wonderful, hard-working dads out there, including my husband Bruce and son Adam!
Happy Father's Day! http://t.co/psDqAFQAK7
Whether it's through thoughtful presents or surprises or a little extra family time, I hope every dad across Alaska is having a great Father's Day today!
On this Father’s Day, I honor my dad and his character: his integrity, his decency, and his work ethic. Although we lost him almost 4 years ago, he continues to be a presence in my life. Whenever I have a tough decision to make, I think of what he would do, and how he would do it.
Members of the  National FFA Organization from Coffeyville stopped in to say hello. This organization creates the agriculture leaders of tomorrow and I always look forward to talking about what we can do to promote agriculture and what challenges are ahead.
ICYMI: Rubio: America’s Families Need Strong Fathers: http://dailycaller.com/2014/06/14/americas-families-need-strong-fathers/  "This Father’s Day, I’m reminded of the many sacrifices my dad made to give me the chance at a life better than his. I’m also reminded of the smaller moments he and I shared as a father and son.   I’ll never forget when I was a boy and the doctor told me I had to wear leg braces to correct knee problems. I often refused to put them on. But every day when I refused, the phone would ring and – to my great surprise – on the other end would be Don Shula, head coach of the Miami Dolphins. “If you want to play for me one day,” he’d say, “you’d better put on those braces.”   It didn’t occur to me until years later that, unlike Coach Shula, the man on the phone had a Cuban accent and sounded suspiciously like my dad.   Funny as that is, it also touches me. It reminds me that my father was more than merely present in my life, he was active, caring and encouraged me to dream. He truly believed that, with love and support, his children would achieve the things he never could.   Now that I’m a father, I think back on his example and strive to live up to it. ..." 
NA
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there!
Happy Father's Day to my dad and all the dads out there.  Enjoy your day!
