Following more than 150,000 comments from Americans and members of Congress, the IRS has decided to revise proposed rules that limited the First Amendment rights of Americans that “were so broad they would have limited free speech.”   “The American people have successfully pushed back against the IRS’s attempts to keep them from speaking up and speaking out, and they’ve done that in the best way possible – by speaking up and speaking out.”  To read more about efforts by Alexander and other senators to put pressure on the IRS, click here: http://tiny.cc/3pyigx
Today Senator Ayotte was in Raymond for the opening of the Regional Economic Development Center, which will serve as a hub for economic development and job creation in southern New Hampshire.
Senator Ayotte participated in a Memorial Day event at Nashua North this morning in support of MooreMart, a great New Hampshire organization which does so much for our troops and military families.
If we are going to leave forces in #Afghanistan, we should leave enough people to do the job. The president can't know what the situation will look like in Afghanistan two years from now. By announcing the next cuts this far in advance, the president's plan won't provide the stability that America's servicemembers and their families, who sacrifice and endure loss of life and health, deserve.
We must take a hard look at the way we spend federal funds and the quality of treatment of behavioral health challenges for all Americans – including our nation’s military heroes.
Excellent discussion this afternoon in Warsaw with Hoosier stakeholders in the medical device industry.
NA
NEWS RELEASE: I am honored to be named an inaugural ‘Fiscal Hero’ by the national Campaign to Fix the Debt.    Washington continues to ignore what has been called the greatest threat to our national security for years—our staggering national debt.  Now at an overwhelming $17 trillion, this level of debt is irresponsible, unacceptable, and quite frankly, dangerous.  If we are ever to gain control of our nation’s spending excesses and out-of-control spiral toward insolvency, Congress and the Administration must take steps now to reform our unsustainable entitlement programs and broken tax code.  I will continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance responsible solutions to address our growing debt crisis. 
            "Throughout our nation, Americans gather on this solemn day of gratitude.  In villages, small towns, and big cities, we raise our voices in song and bow our heads in prayer in honor of those who gave their all for all of us.  As we do these things, we are reminded that freedom is a gift purchased at the greatest possible price.               "Memorial Day is about remembrance.  It is also about resolve and our commitment to uphold the values that inspire the sacrifice we honor today.                "May God bless you all, and may God bless America." 
For more pictures, please visit: https://www.flickr.com/photos/senjohncornyn/sets/72157644866836022
NA
A great privilege to travel with Secure America Now to meet with with Israel's Defense Minister, Speaker of the Parliament, Minister of Industry and Trade, Minister of Strategic Affairs and Intelligence, and the Prime Minister's Foreign Policy Advisor to receive a briefing on the current state of the Middle East and the growing threat of a nuclear armed Iran.
Honored to have the opportunity to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu while visiting Jerusalem.
Texans: It's Election Day in the Primary Runoff Election! Make your voice heard before 7 pm -- find your polling place here: http://bit.ly/1eJHrUf  If you've already voted, please SHARE to remind your friends!
If you’re a college student or graduate, have you considered applying for a fall internship in my Washington, D.C. office? As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. Please share this great opportunity with family and friends. The deadline to apply is June 25. Find out more and how to apply by clicking the link below.
Here is Catherine’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Yesterday we retired our flag and put up a new one in honor of #MemorialDay. Our boys, Harris and Drew, are home for the long weekend and helped us.
The Regional Conservation Partnership program is one part of a comprehensive plan to protect the Red River Valley. It gives us a tool to form effective partnerships between federal, local and private entities that will help us meet local conservation and flood protection objectives. These flood protection projects will address local flooding issues in our small and rural communities around the Red River Basin, and each one of these projects can provide additional flood protection benefits downstream all the way to Canada. Through this classification, we will now have more resources available to ensure that this important region of our state is properly protected.
Yesterday I had the honor to present a posthumous Bronze Star to the family of World War II veteran John W. Bock.  While it's tragic when an American Hero like John Bock can't live to see his rightful award presented in-person, I am proud to be able to help his family get the closure they deserve and the recognition that PFC Bock deserves.  If you are a veteran and need help navigating government bureaucracy or have experienced issues at a Veterans Affairs hospital, please contact my office.  Read more in my latest blog post: 
This #MemorialDay I honored the memory of WWII vet John Bock by presenting a posthumous Bronze Star to his family.  More on instagram: http://instagram.com/p/oepw-CsqBV/
Almost every American thinks that it is frightening that we have a law that suggests that the government has the right to read your email after only 180 days. It’s an easy issue in which to achieve bipartisan compromise and consensus.  This article provides a good summary of why we need to update the Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
Don't forget to submit your photo of a Utah road to the #roadlesstraveledutah photo contest. The deadline is May 30, and you can find more details at lee.senate.gov.
I was honored to speak at Sierra Vista's Memorial Day ceremony at the Southern Arizona Veterans Memorial Cemetery yesterday. We should be proud of and humbled by the service of our veterans.
It was great to be in Pittsburg for Rotary Club today. More than 60 fellow Rotarians were in attendance, and I addressed issues facing Kansas and the country including veterans affairs and health care. Thanks to State Rep. Adam Lusker and Pittsburg State University President Steve Scott for attending. Thanks also to Rotary Club President Shawn Naccarato for the invitation to speak and law school classmate Mark Werner for the kind introduction.
I had a useful discussion with nearly 25 folks in Riverton this morning when I made a Kansas Listening Tour stop in Cherokee County. We discussed education, health care, job creation, disaster assistance and community pharmacies. Thanks to Cherokee County Sheriff David Groves for attending. Check my website for upcoming listening tour stops.
Over the weekend, I continued my Kansas Listening Tour in Ellsworth County. Nearly 45 area residents turned out to the Wilson Senior Center to share feedback and concerns on a wide array of topics including veterans’ healthcare, federal regulations, agriculture, the EPA, community pharmacies and how to keep Main Street alive and well. Thanks to Senior Center Administrator Sharon Holloway for making the facility available. Thanks also to Wilson Telephone President Brian Boisvert and Wilson City Clerk Susan Kriley for helping promote my visit throughout the community. Here, I'm pictured with Seitz Drug Owner Terry Kepka.
I enjoyed speaking with WWII Army Veteran and Ellsworth native Leon Setter during my time at the Dole VA Medical Center today. It was an honor to express my gratitude on behalf of Kansans to veterans in-person. Our freedoms are made possible because of their service and sacrifice. Thank you to Dole VA Medical Center Director Francisco Vazquez for meeting with me and Diane Henderson for coordinating my visit.
Good news for some down on the Kenai Peninsula, who get the word the can go back home -- but Alaskans statewide have those dealing with the wildfire in our hearts and prayers.  (And a big 'Thank You' to the first responders helping the community, as well as the Red Cross and Salvation Army pitching in.)
I was pleased to help the Paducah Chamber celebrate the expansion of a local business. We broke ground today with Mayor Gayle Kaler and other local dignitaries on Dr. Barbara Bowers's new medical office.  I have teamed-up with Dr. Bowers over the past few years to perform pro-bono eye surgeries for those in need.
I will be in Whitesville, Ky. tomorrow, May 28, to speak at a Veteran Memorial Dedication Ceremony at Trinity High School. The event will start at 10:30 a.m. CT. Members of area veteran's organizations are invited to attend and the ceremony is also open to the public.
It was an honor to address so many of our Kansas veterans at the Memorial Day observance at the Penwell-Gable Cemetery in Topeka yesterday. Though Memorial Day is behind us, challenge yourself to remember and thank our veterans every day of the year.  They make us proud. Semper Fi  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=ff757e49-fc39-45a8-a5f3-b5d8c1017a0a
I believe that education is a key step between poverty and success, and it is a key feature of my Opportunity Agenda.  Read more here: http://www.scott.senate.gov/opportunityagenda
Here are details on my bill to protect #vets from dishonest #VA practices:  
James Fitzpatrick, from my Philly office, with Shawna Moore, my appointee to West Point. Shawna has just given the keynote address at the Phoenixville Kiwanis Annual Patriotic Celebration.
Today at Willow Grove VFW Post 3612, I announced my bill to protect #vets from dishonest practices at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and hold #VA employees accountable.
Wicker Report | More good news for the Port of Gulfport, Port of Pascagoula, and Mississippi’s many other ports in recent days is the long-awaited final passage of the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA).  The bipartisan legislation – the first of its kind in seven years – is instrumental to upgrading Mississippi’s ports, waterways, and flood-control projects.  It earned overwhelming support in both the Senate and House of Representatives.
