Amid a slew of recent controversies, including the targeting scandal at the IRS, the Obama Administration’s credibility gap continues to grow. We need more accountability and transparency from our government.
I joined the #NJFuelingNation conference this morning to discuss American energy independence.
If you missed my chat with Mark Smith on KASU's morning show, you can listen to it over on their website. We talked about the NSA controversy, the Syrian conflict, the Farm Bill, immigration reform and more.
I'm looking forward to sitting down with Greta Van Susteren on Fox News tonight at 10:30 pm (ET) 8:30 pm (MT) to talk about Obamacare and the IRS.
My op-ed in today's WSJ, posted on my official website:
NA
News Release: The Administration announced the annual Payment In Lieu of Taxes (PILT) payments for local governments across the country, including those in Idaho.  Senator Jim Risch and I oppose the administration’s decision to cut these payments to meet sequester benchmarks.  Nearly 80 percent of Idaho’s counties depend on these instrumental funds that help provide for schools, road maintenance, law enforcement and emergency response.  It is unthinkable that the administration would target its cut obligations to counties rather than cuts within its discretionary spending.  The President claims he has made job creation and opportunity in rural areas a top priority for his Administration, yet these cuts will further exhaust and strain the resources of our rural communities.
Recording a welcome message for the next University of Idaho McClure Center Symposium with Congress Mike Simpson. #idpol #uidaho #idaho
Another photo from the weekend stop at the U.S. Forest Service McCall Smokejumper base. #idpol
Cornyn Slams Latest Pentagon Contract with Russian Firm Arming Assad Regime:
The Hill: Cornyn Demands Pentagon Cancel Contract with Russian Arms Dealer:
Just voted for Sen. Vitter’s amendment to implement a biometric entry and exit system.
Just voted for Sen. Thune’s amendment requiring completion of the 350/700 mile fence.
If BP Chief says Gang guarantees situational awareness & 90 percent apprehension then how is my amdt ‘a poison pill’?
VIDEO: Cornyn: Border Security Rhetoric Impressive, Results Pathetic:
Cornyn: “Many of our colleagues don't want a real trigger when it comes to border security. Above all, they want a pathway to citizenship"
Entire Texas Congressional Delegation met with VA Under Secretary for Benefits Allison Hickey about unacceptable backlog of VA disability claims and to brainstorm ideas on how to clear it.
PJ Media: DoD Awards $572 Million Contract to Assad's Main Arms Supplier:
In today’s Chattanooga Times Free Press, Dr. David Abshire, a former United States Ambassador to NATO, cofounder of the Center for Strategic and International Studies and Vice Chairman of the Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress, writes about Senator Corker’s approach to solving the nation’s most pressing problems. “…Chattanooga has been blessed and honored by the outstanding accomplishments of our own Sen. Bob Corker,” writes Abshire. “Corker’s example of working since age 13, graduating from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, and saving up to start his own business is the embodiment of the American dream. And yet, at a time when he could have expanded his businesses, he chose to go into public service... [Corker was] an unusually creative mayor of Chattanooga. He later was elected to the U.S. Senate in 2006, and has spearheaded efforts to deal effectively with the grave issues of our nation in this time of genuine crisis… Congress may be broken, but it doesn’t have to be. We all should be more willing to ‘reach across the aisle,’ to have those conversations with our friends and neighbors which advance the national dialog. We admire Corker for his integrity and his character, without which any effort at bipartisanship would surely have failed long ago.” Read more: http://bit.ly/1bRqird.
Have a minute for freedom?  Listen and SHARE if you agree it is time to abolish the IRS!
Anyone know if President Obama intends to perform background checks on the Syrian rebels before providing them weapons?
It is critical that we stand with small businesses and everyday Americans to oppose the Internet sales tax.
A new office, protecting the integrity of our elections, defending the religious liberty of our service members and more in our latest newsletter.  Hope you'll read and SHARE!
The federal government should not capture and store your phone and Internet records without a legitimate warrant. The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court and Patriot Acts were designed to authorize specific information on suspected terrorists and not to cast a wide net on American citizens. We all should be asking tough questions about federal agencies’ sweeping seizures of Americans’ personal information. This includes a branch of government most people don’t even know about- the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. It’s collecting data on you too. Knowledge is power. How much power do you want the federal government to have over you?
Excited to announce my new DC office location in 383 Russell Senate Office Building. I look forward to seeing Nebraskans visiting Washington in our new space!
“I really don’t know,” Graham said on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” when asked to describe Obama’s goal in Syria. “It seems to be not being Bush is our foreign policy."
Why do senate democrats not want a secure border. Border shld b secure b4 legalization. Polls show ppl want secure border
I will do everything in my power as a United States Senator to ensure the safety and well-being of Nevadans. For years, members of the entire Nevada delegation have put aside our political jerseys and worked together to ensure that the Yucca Mountain waste site would never open. It is important that Nevadans know that the inside-the-beltway debate about Senate rules could have very serious ramifications for Nevada and the opening of Yucca Mountain. http://1.usa.gov/16ekmHL
Glad to meet the North Dakota National Rural Electric Cooperative Association students participating in this year's Youth Tour to Washington, D.C. Learn more about the group's tour at http://www.youthtour.coop/Pages/default.aspx
Congratulations to Fargo Davies High School students Anjali Lall and Maneesh Apte, North Dakota's two U.S. Presidential Scholars. It was great to meet them today in my office.
NA
Supporting Senators Bob Corker and John Hoeven for Senator John Cornyn –style trigger and metrics for a border security compromise in immigration reform.
Proud to support military construction projects in #Illinois & reduce claim wait times for our #veterans who have filed with the VA.
Hassan Rouhani was hand picked by Iran's Supreme Leader & Guardian Council. His record of deception on the nuclear program is clear. With time running out, the Senate should move forward with toughest sanctions possible - rope-a-dope talks not an option.
"If we are going to have military involvement in Syria, there needs to be an act of Congress authorizing that. Unlike the quasi notice that congress was given when we went to Libya, where it was sort of a drive-by, after-the-fact notification of four members of Congress."
Proud to receive an honorary degree from the Royal Military College of Canada presented by Defence Minister Peter MacKay today - we're lucky to have a neighbor like Canada.
I enjoyed meeting with some young ladies from Liberal, Kansas, today at the United States Capitol. They even showed their Kansas pride by donning Dorothy costumes. (http://instagram.com/p/atx-OakKr6/)
I was pleased to hear this week that the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) hired at least 22 mental health professionals in Kansas to improve access to mental health services for veterans, service members and military families. The new positions are part of the VA’s overall goal to hire more than 1,600 positions across the country, and I’m proud our VA facilities in Wichita, Topeka, Overland Park, Leavenworth and Junction City recruited new talent. I will continue to advocate for Kansas veterans and work to make certain the VA is providing them with the health care they deserve.
Congrats to Hoxie, Kansas, native Lt. Col. Tyler "Nick" Hague who was selected from more than 6,000 candidates as one of eight members of National Aeronautics and Space Administration - NASA's 2013 class of astronauts. Thank you for your continued service to our nation.
Always enjoy sharing this view at the top of the United States Capitol Dome with my interns. Here, they’re pointing home to Kansas.
Last year alone, the National Security Administration applied for 1,856 applications to probe individual’s calls or e-mails – and received 1,856 approvals.  I’m tired of the rubber stamp that has been given for years to the NSA’s surveillance tactics.  As a lawyer, I know you need tangible evidence to get a search warrant for a crime, and it is high time the government is held to the same standard when digging through our communications and media.  Today, I am co-sponsoring a bi-partisan bill  to tighten the nation’s surveillance standards.
Met with Justin Binik-Thomas today, the Cincinnati Tea Party member singled out in question 26 of an IRS questionnaire to unrelated organizations. Still no answers.
Earlier today, I joined several members of the House of Representatives at a press conference on opposition to the Marketplace Fairness Act.
It is time for Washington to take a look in the mirror: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aV9pGLlRoKw
In case you missed it, I appeared on Uncommon Knowledge with Peter Robinson.  We discussed an array of topics, including immigration, our national debt, foreign policy and more.   Click here to watch the extensive interview: http://live.wsj.com/video/uncommon-knowledge-sen-rand-paul-interviewed/B413003A-4AED-4720-BAA0-2D92AAD12C96.html#!B413003A-4AED-4720-BAA0-2D92AAD12C96
Congratulations Martin and Vickie Hawver on surviving 20 years of covering Kansas government and politics. You have kept us all informed and I look forward to many more Hawver Reports to come!
Rubio: Leaving In Place Status Quo Is De Facto Amnesty: http://1.usa.gov/11X4GZc  Rubio: “I don’t believe that this is the salvation or the doom of the Republican Party. This is an issue that confronts our country, and it has to be solved because it’s bad for America. That’s why I’m involved in the issue.”
Sessions is speaking NOW on the Senate floor to discuss the Congressional Budget Office’s new estimate of the fiscal and economic impacts of the Gang of Eight immigration bill. You can watch LIVE here:
Sessions will be on LIVE with Bill Bennett at 7:30 AM CT. You can listen live here:
NA
NA
This afternoon I voted for an amendment to strengthen the #BorderSecurity requirements in the #immigration bill.   http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/senate/306285-senate-rejects-amendment-requiring-350-miles-of-border-fencing
Remembering the courage and sacrifice of the #Charleston9 today. #charleston #southcarolina  http://www.postandcourier.com/article/20130617/PC16/130619438/1177/charleston-to-hold-ceremony-to-mark-the-6th-anniversary-of-the-sofa-super-store-fire
Inspiring: Denise Zellous was honored with the Jefferson Awards for her remarkable work creating the HOPE Project, which gives essential everyday items to homeless women transitioning into permanent housing. In addition, she is the mother of five adopted children.
Kelly McGinley is a recipient of the Jefferson Award for her volunteer work (100 hours a month) at the Central Pennsylvania Animal Alliance. She developed the "Helping Hounds" program to train rescue dogs for combat veterans living with post-traumatic stress disorder.
It was great to meet with Pennsylvania's winners of the Jefferson Award today. They are in the running for the national award, which will be announced tonight. Created in 1972 by Jackie Kennedy Onassis, the Jefferson Awards honor those Americans who strive for stronger communities.
Look who I ran into on the Senate steps this afternoon...
Americans are right to demand that we secure our borders as a first step to solve our broken immigration system. True reform remains out of reach and the problem of illegal immigration will persist if we fail to address border security. For far too long, Washington has paid lip service to meeting this need. The status quo must end.   Read more by clicking the link below.
