Check out Motoko Rich’s story on education reform in today’s "New York Times," where she writes: “The Alexander bill is described in its introduction as restoring ‘freedom to parents, teachers, principals, governors and local communities so that they can improve their local public schools.’”  Rich continues: “'What they are really saying is they don’t trust parents and they don’t trust classroom teachers and states to care about and help educate their children, and they want someone in Washington do it for them,' Mr. Alexander said of Democrats in a telephone interview. 'I just completely reject that.'”
Senator Ayotte launched a new webpage today inviting Granite Staters to share their questions and concerns about the new federal health care law.  Click here to share your experiences: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=form&id=3
Whether they’re spying on farmers or leaking personal information, the EPA is clearly targeting farm families, and this has to stop. I joined my colleagues in a letter demanding answers immediately regarding what the Obama Administration is doing to stop this clear intrusion into privacy.
69 years ago today, brave American heroes stormed the shores of Normandy to protect the world from tyranny. We’re forever indebted to these D-Day heroes who fought to protect our freedom.
For too long, parents, teachers and students have suffered under the continuous overreach of federal bureaucrats who have wrestled education away from state and local communities in order centralize decision-making in Washington, DC.  I do not believe that the best way to help our students and teachers succeed is to impose a one-size-fits-all, top-down approach.  It’s time to return control back to state and local communities – the ones who are best suited to address their own needs and effect change.   Click below to read more.
Today I addressed my colleagues on the Senate floor about student loans. Congress is not here to pick winners or losers or to choose politically easy solutions – we need to permanently fix student loans for 100% of students & parents.   To watch my speech, click below.
Senator Dan Coats (R-Ind.) today announced that his father-in-law and first campaign manager, Cecil Crawford, passed away on Wednesday at the age of 93.
NA
NA
This week, the D.C. office and I welcomed some fantastic young people to serve as our summer interns. I am excited to have them and know they will learn a great deal.
News Release: After Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minnesota) and I urged swift action to implement our formaldehyde legislation, the EPA has moved forward with rules to protect consumers from dangerous chemicals in wood products.  Our legislation, signed into law in 2010, creates a formaldehyde emission standard for manufactured and imported wood products and also establish a third-party certification process to ensure these standards are met. Americans expect to be safe within their own homes and having a national formaldehyde standard will not only protect our families, but also work to maintain a level playing field for our American producers.
VIDEO: I questioned U.S. Department of State Under Secretary for Political Affairs Wendy Sherman at a Senate Banking hearing about what the department is doing to free imprisoned Boise Pastor Saeed Abedini from Iranian captivity.
OPEC has to be worried that the US is producing so much of its own energy needs and less dependent on imports.
Cornyn Responds to Senate Democrats’ Rejection of Real Border Security Plan Before Seeing It:
Senator Corker has requested an explanation from President Barack Obama regarding reports (http://apne.ws/15EFKpg) of the National Security Agency’s collection of U.S. phone records on Verizon’s network of 121 million customers. “I don’t think most of us had any idea how broad this data gathering was. There may be some good explanation for this, but certainly I've asked the president to be forthcoming with that so we all understand publicly why it’s being carried out in this way,” said Corker. Earlier today, the senator sent a letter to President Obama seeking answers. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/ZSX0IN. Video: http://bit.ly/11vbQU3.
Attorney General Holder says he won't resign until he accomplishes all his goals.   I guess there are still some amendments in the Bill of Rights left unviolated…
Sharing the importance of promoting policies that encourage growth and opportunity with America's Future Foundation.
Today the Senate had the opportunity to address student loan interests permanently before rates double on July 1. The plan I support would simplify the confusing and arbitrary way interest rates are determined on federal student loans, by tying student loans to market-based rates. This would allow students borrowers to be able to take advantage of lower interest rates. Our plan is similar to that of President Obama’s and does not kick the can down the road for another year. The Senate majority bill is a one-year fix that would cost taxpayers more than $8 billion and only helps 40 percent of students. Under that plan students would only save $6 per month.  Both bills failed to get the 60 votes they needed in the Senate today.
The Obama Administration plans to sign a controversial United Nations arms treaty despite bipartisan opposition. The Administration signaled that President Obama will wait until August when members of Congress are back in their states during a home work period to sign the treaty. By delaying, the Administration is attempting to lessen the public backlash to the treaty. I believe it threatens the Constitutional right of U.S. citizens to keep and bear arms and endangers the nation’s sovereignty. Let the Administration know that you are against the treaty. Get involved, reach out to your family and friends. Our right to keep and bear arms should not be put up for negotiation.
Many of you have contacted me about Eric Holder secretly seizing press records and concerns over a possible backroom deal to raise the debt ceiling. I discussed these issues in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” constituent video. Click below to see if your comment was mentioned and to find out more about these topics.
Today, I voted to move forward on a measure proposed by a few of my Republican colleagues that would implement meaningful reforms to address interest rates for all federal student loans. Unfortunately, this fair proposal did not receive enough votes to advance. When it comes to student loan interest rates, Nebraskans know we don’t need another temporary fix paid for with a permanent tax hike. We need a lasting solution with real reforms that helps American middle class families. Read more in my column: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-column?ID=7f44c936-8cc1-4bc2-ade4-906b4b82c353
Omaha was ranked 4th nationally in G.I. Jobs magazine’s list of Top 50 Military Friendly Cities. As home to many returning and active duty service members, veterans, and their families, Nebraska is proud to welcome these great Americans to our communities and ensure they have opportunities for a smooth transition back to civilian life after completing their dedicated service to our Nation. http://militaryfriendly.com/city
Today is the 69th Anniversary of the D-Day Invasion – the battle that turned the tide of war to liberate a continent.  Before the invasion, General Eisenhower spoke to his troops saying, “You are about to embark upon the great crusade toward which we have striven these many months. The eyes of the world are upon you...I have full confidence in your courage, devotion to duty and skill in battle.” The fighters of D-Day did not disappoint, and we are forever grateful.    Some rare photos from before and after the D-Day invasion are available here: http://life.time.com/history/wwii-before-and-after-d-day-color-photos-from-england-and-france-1944/#4
Sen. Grassley Says Obama Court Nominations Wrong Decision : NPR
Grassley to Seek Ugland House, Other Tax Answers from President’s Top Trade Nominee
Grassley Seeks Answers on Reducing $7.9 Billion in Improper Social Security Payments
Nevada has been ground zero of our economic collapse. Watch:
Today, I introduced a bill designed to permanently eliminate a "blacklist" of American cities like Las Vegas and Reno from hosting federal agency and executive branch conferences and conventions. Nevada should not be a political target because of government misconduct. http://1.usa.gov/17rHrKJ
What sort of state are we living in? Wiretapping Verizon phones is yet another example of government overreach. Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/14jgDJi
Had a good conversation with a great group of Fargo students who are visiting Washington, D.C. this week.  They have been touring many historical landmarks, and I was glad to welcome them to the U.S. Capitol.
“Today, the Senate voted to move a strong farm bill to the floor for a final vote. This bill supports our farmers and ranchers by providing them with the risk management tools they need to deal with volatile markets and weather, while ensuring that Americans continue to enjoy the highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the world. Now we look forward to final passage and working with our colleagues in the House to pass farm legislation that will give our producers the certainty and confidence they need to plan for the future.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=87df5a1e-d5e7-4bb4-b391-b33f7df8ec63
After yet another credit rating downgrade for Illinois, our state is closer than ever to junk bond status.
Our Constitution was created to ensure equal powers between three branches of government and to defend against executive abuse of power.
Today, I introduced legislation to repeal the authority of the Export-Import Bank of the United States and create a defined process for the phasedown of the bank.  Justin Amash introduced companion legislation in the House of Representatives.  The Export-Import Bank is a source of corporate welfare that puts taxpayers at unnecessary risk.  Instead of subsidizing exports, which encourages an international corporate subsidy bidding war, we should be using multilateral agreements to eliminate business subsidies in all nations.  The Ex-Im Bank has outlived its usefulness and it’s time to end the Bank’s market distortion and political cronyism.
The NSA surveillance of Verizon cell phone data illustrates why I voted against the Patriot Act and the FISA Amendments Act Reauthorization.  Please share this if you think the government should have to get a warrant to access your private information.  This video is a floor speech I delivered almost 2 years ago to join Senator Rand Paul to share our concerns about the erosion of Americans' Fourth Amendment rights.
McConnell received the award because of his work on behalf of Kentucky farmers, including his success in securing a permanent death tax extension in the fiscal cliff package and most recently, leading the fight to protect Kentucky’s tobacco farmers.   McConnell was presented the award by Dan Flanagan, a member of AgriBank from Campbellsville, Kentucky.  Flanagan is a full-time farmer raising soybeans, corn, and wheat.  He also manages six broiler houses and raises both wholesale and retail produce.  “As a Kentucky farmer, I appreciate Senator McConnell’s leadership in the Senate on issues important to Kentucky farmers,” said Flanagan. “Having someone in the Senate leadership looking out for us, while critical decisions are being made on the future of farming, is just so important.”
McConnell: "I’m also honored to recognize a distinguished group of World War II veterans from my home State of Kentucky who have made the trip to our Nation’s capital today to visit the National World War II Memorial on the Mall. This memorial celebrates their service, as well as the service of the brave warriors who landed on that Normandy beach, and every man and woman in uniform who fought to defend freedom in World War II."
McConnell received the award because of his work on behalf of Kentucky farmers, including his success in securing a permanent death tax extension in the fiscal cliff package and most recently, leading the fight to protect Kentucky’s tobacco farmers.
As our nation marks 69 years since the D-Day invasion, we honor the heroic Allied troops who stormed the beaches of Normandy. Before the invasion, General Eisenhower reminded our troops that “the eyes of the world are upon you,” as evil was defeated and freedom and liberty spread across Europe.
Congress is still waiting for answers to why the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) released the personal information of 80,000 farmers and ranchers from across the county to environmental groups. This is yet another example of sensitive information being “inadvertently” released to outside organizations under the Obama administration.
Uncle Ted left us nearly three years ago, but I am still asking questions about how he was treated by the Dept. of Justice during its botched investigation, and why those responsible for it had their punishments overturned.  Today I asked Eric Holder: is there any justice in the Justice Department?
I think more needs to be done to stop sexual assault in our military, and I’m not waiting around to see what the top brass decides.  Today, I am co-sponsoring a bill that protects victims from possible retaliation after they report a crime.  We owe it to our military and our national identity to begin addressing these severe problems- even if that means one fix at a time.
The federal government is responsible for an environmental crisis in Alaska – with the ‘legacy wells’ drilled long ago still in need of cleaning up.  If this was a private corporation, the feds would be demanding immediate action.  This hypocrisy is unacceptable, and I think DoI’s plan to have Alaska chip in to clean up their mess is equally laughable.  Today I asked Sec. Sally Jewell about legacy wells and her upcoming trip to King Cove.  Watch:
I am working on legislation that would direct Interior Secretary Jewel, who I spoke with at a hearing today, to install a plaque or inscription at the National World War II Memorial with the words that President Franklin D. Roosevelt prayed with the nation on June 6, 1944. His words brought strength and comfort to many during one of the most challenging times for our nation and will forever be etched in our history.
69 years ago today the greatest naval invasion in history was underway as 73,000 Americans stormed the beaches of Normandy. The testament to their sacrifice is written in French fields of white crosses and stars of David.
Throwback Thursday. Happy Graduation Class of 2013!
Today I announced that I will introduce the Fourth Amendment Restoration Act of 2013, which ensures the Constitutional protections of the Fourth Amendment are not violated by any government entity.  Click to read the amendment: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=838
NA
NA
The Bill of Rights was designed to protect us from evil, particularly that which always correlates with concentrated government power, and particularly Executive power. If the President and Congress would obey the Fourth Amendment we all swore to uphold, this new shocking revelation that the government is now spying on citizens’ phone data en masse would never have happened.  Click here to read my entire statement on the NSA's astounding assault on our Constitution: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=837
Is 1984 now?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=ALN7LTeLxtI
Students and parents have faced too much uncertainty and confusion regarding student loan rates because Congress constantly changes the rules of the game. All a parent and a student really want to know is ‘how much will it cost to graduate?’ By tying all student loans to a fixed market rate, families know what to expect and can plan their budgets accordingly so that kids can focus on what’s important -- completing their studies and launching a career.
I support a permanent solution to student loan rates.
On this D-Day, take the time to appreciate the Greatest Generation who sacrificed so much for our freedom today. The U.S. Army has an audio recording of Kansas' own General Eisenhower's message to the troops just prior to the invasion at Normandy.
Senator Shelby: "The questionable actions of this Attorney General have tarnished the integrity, impartiality and efficacy of the position."  http://blog.al.com/wire/2013/06/sen_richard_shelby_to_eric_hol.html#incart_river_default
Senator Shelby asks Attorney General Holder: "At what point do you exceed the tipping point in which you can no longer lead?"  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaoNzQSK2fM&feature=youtu.be
Today we remember the hundreds of thousands of Allied soldiers that landed on the beaches of Normandy, France on this day in 1944.  http://www.army.mil/d-day/
Sessions will lead off debate on the Senate floor tomorrow on the Senate immigration bill. Sen. Reid has filed cloture to move the bill.
NA
NA
Folks in the Lowcountry, stay safe as Tropical Storm Andrea approaches! You can visit our website or the SC Emergency Management Division for more information http://www.scemd.org/
This morning I questioned Interior Secretary Jewell on the future of offshore energy production in the South Atlantic. We need a comprehensive, all of the above energy strategy.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8NxJNnYvc0&feature=youtu.be
Thank you to the Greatest Generation on this, the 69th anniversary of D-Day. I had the honor of meeting nearly 400 of South Carolina's World War Two veterans last summer - truly one of the most inspiring days of my life. Our World War Two veterans changed the world, and we will forever remember their heroism and bravery.  https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=317838091644991&set=vb.163207553711385&type=3&theater
I am not looking for special treatment for Sarah, rather that the government stop making exceptions that exclude Sarah. http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=video&id=1053
We honor the valor and sacrifice of the soldiers of D-Day. President Reagan's words, spoken at Point-du-Hoc on the 40th anniversary of the battle, hold true today:
June 6, 1944: 160,000 brave soldiers landed at Normandy to liberate Europe. On this D-Day anniversary, we remember and say thank you to them and all World War II veterans.
Today, I served as the leading Republican during a Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Subcommittee hearing to review the progress of Gulf Coast restoration efforts following the Deepwater Horizon disaster in 2010.  Mississippi is committed to making a full recovery, and we are taking aggressive steps to protect the future livelihood of Gulf Coast residents. Our state has made enormous strides in organizing efforts to protect the environment, help spur needed job creation, and increase vital economic opportunities.   Read more by clicking the link below.
