Today Sen. Alexander joined his fellow Republicans in co-sponsoring Sen. Hoeven’s Keystone XL Pipeline approval bill. This legislation would remove the requirement for presidential approval of the pipeline, allowing the pipeline to be built. Read more here: http://tiny.cc/ie92ex
Great to have so many New Hampshire families in our nation's capital today!
Senator Ayotte and Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO) announced today that they've introduced the "Stop Wasteful Federal Bonuses Act" - bipartisan legislation that would prohibit bonuses for federal employees who haven't paid taxes or who have conduct problems.  Read more:  
Senator Ayotte was glad to welcome students from Hillside & Parkside middle schools in Manchester to Capitol Hill today!
Ahead of Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James' visit to Pease Air National Guard base on Friday, Senator Ayotte today asked Secretary James and the Air Force Chief of Staff, General Mark Welsh III, for a status update regarding the KC-46A air refueling tanker.  The officials assured Senator Ayotte that everything is on track and that the aircraft will begin test flights in June.  Watch a video of their exchange here:  
Enjoyed stopping by KTVI in St. Louis to chat in-studio with John Pertzborn about my efforts to improve infrastructure projects, manufacturing innovation, and mental health treatment in Missouri and nationwide.
I’m proud to join my colleagues to introduce a bipartisan bill that will make Kansas City home to the National World War I Museum and Memorial. 
Thank you so much for the kind thoughts, comments, prayers and well-wishes. I want to share one of my favorites – it’s from my granddaughter’s class.
NA
I’ll be on MSNBC’s “Jansing & Co.” at 8:30 AM MT (10:30 AM ET) to talk about Ukraine.
Today I met with the 2014 Indiana Teacher of the Year, Steven Perkins. Thank you for all you do for North Central High School.
NA
Wonderful story of Hoosiers helping Hoosiers, hope Sandy's treatments are successful.
Video: Cornyn Renews Call for Congressional Hearings on Secret VA Wait List: 
Senator Corker met with Rhodes College (Memphis) students Luke Spinolo and Mark Sellers this afternoon to discuss the importance of undergraduate research. Luke and Mark were on Capitol Hill for the Council on Undergraduate Research’s 18th annual “Posters on the Hill” event, a competitive national contest that provides undergraduate students the opportunity to present their research to members of Congress, their staffs, and federal agency representatives.
My thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the severe weather across Tennessee and other parts of the country last night. Thank you to our first responders and local and state officials working hard to provide support during this time. My office stands ready to offer any assistance we can. With more storms expected this afternoon across Middle Tennessee, please continue to monitor local weather reports and take appropriate precautions. For a complete list of watches, warnings and advisories for the Volunteer State, click here: http://alerts.weather.gov/cap/tn.php?x=1.
The real Obama minimum wage for all those out of the work force right now:
Justice Scalia is right. Unelected agency bureaucrats shouldn’t be setting policy when Congress already has.
I agree with President Obama: Don Sterling's comments are ignorant and offensive. Millions of Americans of all races love the NBA, and these racist sentiments have utterly no place in our society.
Words have meaning, and this language from Secretary Kerry undermines a critical ally in Israel and undermines US national security interests.
"The ugly spectacle of countries jockeying to control the Internet is a timely reminder of why the U.S. should never give them the chance."
For Secretary Kerry to use such incendiary rhetoric and suggest Israel be treated as a pariah does real damage to our critical ally. He should resign.
Four years after the passage of Obamacare, our country continues to struggle under high premiums and endless delays for the most unpopular parts of the law. If you want to stay up-to-date on what solutions I have offered up for real health care reform check out my health care timeline. I continue to update this webpage, which tells the story of what I did to oppose Obamacare every step of the way and what I am doing to help give people real alternatives to government-centered health care. There are better ideas, there are better solutions, and there are better ways forward. It’s time that we focused on solving the problem.
My Tucson staff is holding office hours Thursday, May 1 in Douglas and Sierra Vista. Information about times and locations is below. Appointments are not necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency or if you just want to get a message to me.  DOUGLAS, AZ 12:00 p.m. MST - 1:00 p.m. MST Douglas City Hall, Council Chambers   425 East 10th Street Douglas, AZ 85607              SIERRA VISTA, AZ 2:00 p.m. MST - 3:00 p.m. MST Sierra Vista Public Library 2600 East Tacoma Street Sierra Vista, AZ 85635  For more information contact Gaby Gonzales in my Tucson office at (520) 575-8633
I’ll be joining KLIN's Drive Time Lincoln at 5:10pm CT to discuss issues before the Senate and my latest effort to press for accountability at the IRS. Hope you can tune in.
NA
This email is a smoking gun.  It shows political operatives in the White House working to create a political narrative at odds with the facts.  Their goal was NOT to tell the truth about what actually happened.  They DID NOT want to provide the best information available.  Instead, we were provided the most beneficial political story for President Obama -- not the actual facts of what happened.    
CONTINUED delays by President w/approving Keystone XL=lost job opportunities for Americans. Irresponsible 2keep kicking CAN
The rescue of minors from forced prostitution in connection with this year’s Super Bowl provides an opportunity to learn how to protect minors from exploitation.  These minors include foster care youth who might flee a poor living arrangement and become exploited.  Three foster care youths were part of the FBI’s Super Bowl rescue.  Senator Grassley is working to protect foster youth and other minors. Read more here: 
Here's the Scoop!
Another successful trip for Honor Flight Nevada. Welcome home to some of the Silver State’s finest.
NA
EPA is once again delaying a harmful climate change regulation until after critical elections. POLITICO has the story of my ongoing investigation of the EPA misinforming Congress on why there was a 66 delay in publishing a regulation that will have a significant impact on the affordability and reliability of electricity: http://www.politico.com/story/2014/04/epa-climate-rule-delay-documents-106141.html
Senator Johnson had a great time today meeting with the Wisconsin Beer Distributors Association.
Senator Johnson discussing his lawsuit this morning on C-SPAN's Washington Journal.
The Illinois College of Optometry is the largest optometry college in the U.S. - thanks to students and optometrists for visiting with me today.
Tomorrow at The Heritage Foundation, I will be delivering a speech on the moral and economic imperative of rooting out cronyism, corporate welfare, and special-interest privilege from public policy. The speech will start at 12:30 p.m. ET, and you should be able to watch the event from the link below:
"Conservatives’ relative quiet on the issue of poverty cedes too much of the field to those who would use the issue as an excuse to put an ever-larger share of the economy under political discipline, which would leave the country and, not incidentally, the poor substantially worse off."  Read this article for more insight into why conservatives need to play a bigger role in creating and promoting policies that provide a pathway out of poverty.
Sunday evening, I hosted a conference call with County Commissioners from across the state including of Finney, Harvey, Leavenworth, McPherson, Mitchell and Reno Counties. The commissioners brought up a number issues and concerns including the Lesser Prairie Chicken, transportation funding, health care, veterans’ benefits and the IRS. I appreciate each of these leaders for their efforts to improve their communities, counties and our state. Thanks to Kansas Association of Counties Executive Director Randall Allen for your assistance in coordinating the call.
As I witnessed the destruction of homes, businesses and infrastructure in Baxter Springs yesterday on a tour with Sheriff David Groves, it was no surprise that Kansans were already reaching out to help those in need. My thoughts and prayers go out to residents and business owners who suffered great loss and devastation, and my sincere thanks goes out to all of the emergency management personnel who are responding to this disaster.
The President really needs to sign off on the Keystone XL pipeline.  It's in our nation's interest, and in the interest of our friend and neighbor to the East (or North): Canada.
Headed to the Senate floor to discuss the benefits of approving the #KeystoneXL pipeline - and the job opportunities.  Click below to watch the live stream or tune in at GCI channel 17.
Today I met with Brigadier General (Sel.) David Nahom, 3rd Wing Commander, Chief Master Sergeant Jose Barraza, 3rd Wing Command Chief Master Sergeant, and Technical Sergeant Jake Stroisch, Air Traffic Controller and 3rd Wing Outstanding Performer of the Air Force. It was great to chat about Alaska and the role the Air Force plays in our great state.
Congratulations to the 2014 Anchorage BP Teachers of Excellence! All of the hard work and dedication you have given to your students is truly commendable! Thank you for all you do and congratulations!
My bipartisan op-ed on how to best prevent drug addiction before it starts and provide treatment to those who want to turn their lives around was featured in Roll Call today.  
Today, I introduced legislation to make all future aid to the Palestinian government conditional upon the new unity government putting itself on the record recognizing the right of Israel to exist as a Jewish state and agreeing to a lasting peace.  Read the legislation HERE: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1145
"Many other lawmakers are already backing calls by Paul and DeSantis to cut off Palestinian aid."   READ MORE HERE:http://freebeacon.com/national-security/lawmakers-poised-to-cut-u-s-aid-to-palestinians/
Great op-ed from University of Louisville student, Meghan Waters. MUST-READ: http://www.iop.harvard.edu/blog/public-service-project-combatting-political-intolerance-classroom
In case you missed it, I spoke on the Senate floor today on our need for energy independence and the Keystone Pipeline.  Watch here: http://youtu.be/W9mmGrKUgqw
About to speak on the Senate floor on my Opportunity Agenda and the Keystone Pipeline--you can watch here: http://www.c-span.org/live/?channel=c-span-2
Our bipartisan #LEAPAct uses the South Carolina model to encourage apprenticeships. The Wall Street Journal wrote yesterday about how helpful those positions are in creating jobs and helping our economy. #OpportunityAgenda  http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702303978304579473501943642612?mg=reno64-wsj&url=http%3A%2F%2Fonline.wsj.com%2Farticle%2FSB10001424052702303978304579473501943642612.html
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, with Ocean Spray's Justin and Henry. They opened a new plant in Lehigh County today! #oceanspraylhv
The #Johnstown Tribune-Democrat Editorial: Treat soldiers with honor and respect -- Cremated remains deserve proper burials. http://tinyurl.com/khxfqwk
I am convinced that the transfer of C-130Js from Keesler will not actually produce promised financial savings since a new airlift group would have to be physically established at Little Rock. Put simply, the proposal is shortsighted.
My prayers are with the families of those who lost their lives, those who were injured, and the communities across the state now hard at work to pick up the pieces.
