LIKE & SHARE Sen. Alexander’s op-ed in National Review Online, “Repeal Davis-Bacon,” if you agree that we need to give taxpayers and non-union construction workers a break. http://www.nationalreview.com/article/384107/repeal-davis-bacon-lamar-alexander  Alexander cosponsored legislation introduced by Sen. Mike Lee this month to repeal the Davis-Bacon Act, a law governing federal construction projects that is giving unions the upper hand and costing taxpayers billions. In the op-ed, Alexander wrote, “There is overwhelming evidence to support eliminating this law, and I hope our colleagues will join us in calling for its repeal. Let’s move away from bureaucracy and union favoritism and toward fairness for American construction workers and taxpayers alike.” 
Today Senator Ayotte helped introduced bipartisan legislation that takes aim at sexual assaults on college and university campuses.  The bill includes a host of historic reforms to ensure greater coordination between schools and local law enforcement, which will make college campuses safer. To learn more, watch this video of Senator Ayotte at a press conference introducing the bill this morning.    Additional information on the bill can be found here: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1542
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch noted the passage of two bills I co-sponsored to protect our nation’s children and to promote religious freedom. Glad to see both bills are headed to the president’s desk.
President Obama will speak in Kansas City later today as part of his so-called “Year of Action.” The president will also reportedly meet with people who have written letters about the benefits of his economic policies. I have heard from thousands of Missourians who are worried about everything from lost wages thanks to ObamaCare to the real impact of executive overreach. 
As President Obama visits Missouri this week, our country is facing a number of critical issues that deserve presidential leadership. The president should focus on leading – not campaigning. Watch my remarks and let me know what you would like to hear from President Obama in Kansas City today.
Yesterday, the Senate voted unanimously to confirm Robert McDonald as VA Secretary. Here I share a few words of support. #FixtheVA #VAaccountability   
In case you missed it here's the speech I just gave about Arkansans' struggles with Obamacare.
I'll be sharing some of the stories I've heard from Arkansans about how Obamacare is negatively impacting their lives in about 10 minutes. You can watch here.
Remembering USS Indianapolis (CA-35) on this sad 69th anniversary of her sinking in WWII.
NA
Today I introduced legislation that would allow groups seeking 501(c)(4) status or other tax-exempt status to take the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to Tax Court if the IRS fails to act on an application for more than nine months.   This legislation will provide a much-needed avenue of relief for nonprofits whose applications for tax-exempt status are languishing at the IRS. With the IRS approval times of up to three years or more, it is no surprise that the American people continue to distrust the IRS. This bill would give groups the same tools as charities while applying for tax-exempt status. American taxpayers deserve the full truth of what happened at the IRS with its recent targeting of certain organizations, as well as the assurance that these abuses will never happen again. 
NA
A member of my staff will be in Greensburg today to meet with Hoosiers from 1 to 3 p.m. 
Today, Andy Charles, owner of Haven's Candies, presented Senator Collins with the Hero of Main Street award from the National Retail Federation.  Sen. Collins was recognized for her support of Maine's small businesses and the U.S. retail industry and all of their dedicated workers.  The award is great - but Andy also gave Sen. Collins some chocolate, which she really likes!
You can watch today's here live at 2:15 pm at www.aging.senate.gov. 
Cornyn: Bipartisan Consensus to Change 2008 Law:
Sen. Cornyn Introduces Bill To Strengthen Protections For Wounded Warriors From IRS
Senator Corker today applauded Senate passage of his bipartisan amendment to the Highway Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (H.R. 5021) that removes a budget gimmick known as pension smoothing to pay for a short-term extension of the Highway Trust Fund and prevents Congress from shirking its responsibility to pass a long-term transportation bill this year.   “Left to my own accord, I would have much rather seen a long-term plan pass today, but knowing that was not going to happen, I chose to work to make the bill better rather than throw up my hands and automatically say ‘no’ – which is the default position far too often in Washington,” said Corker. “I am pleased the Senate overwhelmingly supported our effort to improve the legislation by stripping out an egregious budget gimmick, and I urge the House to pass our more fiscally conservative bill so we can ensure Congress will be forced to find a sustainable solution to our nation’s highway funding by year end.”   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1rDFoKj. 
Great discussion with Greta Van Susteren on the fight to #StopObamasAmnesty. Don't miss it tonight on Fox News at 6 pm CT!
The Senate has sent a unified message to the world: we will not rest until the Hamas terrorists responsible for the horrific murder of Naftali Fraenkel are found and justice is served. We cannot bring our bright young Israeli-American boy back to his family, but we can take action to ensure every terrorist knows that when they harm an American citizen, they unleash the force of the strongest nation in the world and that we will do everything within our power to punish the perpetrators.     I commend my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for recognizing that this is a critical moment to stand with Israel in the fight against radical Islamic terrorists who want to destroy the freedom inherent to the American and Israeli way of life. Israel is currently on the front lines of this fight, but as Naftali’s case illustrates, the terrorists do not distinguish between our two nations.  This is our fight too and we need to support Israel in the hunt for the murderers of all three boys.  I hope that the House will pass this legislation this week and send it to the President so that not another day goes by when the United States is not joining the effort to bring the terrorists who attack our citizens to justice.
The Export-Import Bank wasn't a good idea in 1934, and it isn't a good idea in 2014, either.
Just like in 1964, now is a time for choosing. #MakeDCListen
The federal government should stop monkeying around with taxpayer dollars and just say no to such costly studies #primecuts
The Highway Trust Fund needs an overhaul, not another bailout. 
Looking forward to meeting with Nebraskans across the state during the Senate's state work period in August. I'll be holding listening sessions in more than a dozen communities to hear directly from you about your views and concerns. Find out more details on my website here.  http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news?ID=535034f0-ace4-4d1c-96e3-59f7e0d92b51
Boeing’s announcement to build the 787-10 series exclusively in South Carolina is great news for our state and a terrific vote of confidence in the South Carolina workforce.  It will solidify Boeing’s position in South Carolina and continue to draw suppliers and jobs to our state. #PalmettoPride
Boeing’s announcement to build the 787-10 series exclusively in South Carolina is great news for our state and a terrific vote of confidence in the South Carolina workforce.  It will solidify Boeing’s position in South Carolina and continue to draw suppliers and jobs to our state. #PalmettoPride
Senator Grassley joined colleagues in introducing the Campus Accountability and Safety Act aimed at curbing sexual assault at colleges and universities.
Senator Grassley today joined colleagues in introducing bipartisan legislation that addresses sexual assaults on college and university campuses by protecting and empowering students and strengthening accountability and transparency for institutions, including penalties for non-compliance with the legislation’s new standards for training, data and best practices. Read more about the Campus Accountability and Safety Act here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-bipartisan-bill-boost-accountability-transparency-college-sexual-assault.
Senator Grassley and a bipartisan group of senators will hold a press conference this morning to announce the introduction of legislation aimed at curbing sexual assaults at colleges and universities. Read more in the Radio Iowa story below. Check back later today for updates from the press conference. 
ONEOK Partners’ announcement that it will invest $605 to $785 million in the Williston Basin to construct a new Demicks Lake natural gas processing facility and related infrastructure in North Dakota that will help reduce natural gas flaring in the state.  This is good news for North Dakota because it will create jobs and capture more natural gas, but it is also good news for the nation at a time when our allies in Europe and Ukraine need natural gas to resist Russian aggression.
NA
“We continue to press railroads to eliminate backlogs and get agriculture shipments on schedule for our producers, especially with the harvest season fast approaching. I spoke with STB Chairman Dan Elliot, as well as BNSF Chairman Matt Rose today, and both indicated that BNSF is catching up.”
“Yesterday, the Senate passed a measure that will allow states to continue and complete construction projects already underway. The measure is especially important to North Dakota to keep up with our state’s steady economic and demographic growth."
Today Senator David Vitter released a report that is critical to continuing the EPW Committee’s work of untangling the extensive web that connects the Environmental Protection Agency to activist organizations and their deep-pocketed donors. Despite their often assumed grassroots advocacy, the real ‘movement’ is backed by a club of environmental billionaires who are pulling the puppet strings of ENGOs, charitable organizations, and President Obama’s overzealous EPA to enact their radical agenda. This report makes Tom Steyer look like a model of transparency for being out in the open with how he spends his money. This report and others like it help to shine a light on the dark-money network that is derailing our nation’s ability to be energy independent and keep energy prices affordable for all Americans. http://www.epw.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Files.View&FileStore_id=8af3d005-1337-4bc3-bcd6-be947c523439
Despite the abundant population growth of a little burying beetle, the federal government is refusing to take the species off its endangered list. This in turn is making it increasingly difficult for Oklahomans to pursue new business opportunities and housing developments without excessive costs and hurdles to protect a species that significant evidences shows is thriving. Yesterday, I introduced a bill to fix this problem as well as address the recent listing of the Lesser Prairie Chicken. You can read more about both bills here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-introduces-legislation-to-address-listings-under-endangered-species-act
Yesterday the Senate gave its overwhelming approval for Robert McDonald to be the new Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs. As the drawdown in Afghanistan begins and our troops return from the front lines of battle, it is imperative that McDonald not waste time to ensure that our veterans' healthcare needs are met with quality care in a timely manner.  McDonald will face adversity in his new role, but I am confident that his past military service and successful private-sector experience will give him the wherewithal to create an environment that is immune to the bureaucratic mess that led to lengthy backlogs and a lack of access to treatment. I will fight alongside McDonald to ensure that we fix this broken system for the sake of the men and women who fought for our freedoms; they deserve nothing less.
Yesterday I was honored to meet with participants of the US Congress-Korean National Assembly Youth Exchange program, which I have sponsored since 2003.   One of my interns, Will Parsons from Lake Forest, Ill., will be participating in the exchange this year. For Will & all participants, the exchange is a fantastic opportunity to learn about the history, politics and economies of the two countries.  Read more on my blog: http://1.usa.gov/1qKVLsp
U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell held a press conference today outside the United States Capitol to discuss EPA’s recently proposed greenhouse gas standards for existing power plants and the negative impact they will have on electricity prices, the coal industry and everyday consumers and families.   Senator McConnell was joined at the press conference by Senator Rand Paul (R-Ky), Chairman Harold Rogers (Ky-05) and  Congressman Andy Barr (Ky-06). Also joining them were members of the Congressional Coal Caucus as well as former coal miner, and America’s Got Talent star, Jimmy Rose, a veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps from Pineville, Kentucky, who sang his song “Coal Keeps the Lights On.”
Coal Keeps the Lights On!
Tonight the Senate passed a resolution (S. Res. 526) in support of Israel's right to defend itself against Hamas. I recently spoke on the Senate floor about this ongoing conflict and what it will take to bring it to an end.
It's not enough for FEMA to tell me they are getting better at responding to disasters in rural Alaska like Galena, I want to hear that they are finding ways to use the knowledge of people on the ground to best address these emergency situations.
Today I sat down with Rita Jo Shoultz of Alaska Perfect Peony out of Homer to discuss Alaska's most exciting new crop -- peonies. These gorgeous flowers can grow up to the size of a dinner plate because of our state's unique climate and long hours of daylight in the summer. Thanks Rita for bringing by some of your beautiful peonies!
As co-founder of Alaskan Brewing Co. Geoff Larson said: It's an amazing time to be a beer lover. Congrats to Alaskan Brewing for expanding its business to the Eastern time zone! Four Alaskan beers will now be available at various places throughout Detroit. I am always happy to hear about the success of Alaska's small businesses!
This week marks the end for my second session of summer interns.  It's tradition that I have them over for a BBQ and gift exchange to thank them personally for their service to the office and to Alaska.  From Ketchikan to Unalaska to North Pole, these are a great bunch of future leaders!
Proud to introduce the Honor Those Who Served Act of 2014, legislation that expands the definition of persons eligible to request headstones or markers furnished by the Department of Veterans Affairs of unmarked graves for our nation’s veterans. This bipartisan bill is a commonsense way to honor the men and women who have worn the uniform throughout our nation’s history with the official recognition they have earned and deserve. http://1.usa.gov/1rHsGtL
Today I introduced a resolution urging the President to take action to protect Christians who are being persecuted in Iraq. I discussed with Fox News:  
Earlier today, I joined @mcconnellpress, Jimmy Rose & the Congressional Coal Caucus to defend #KY against the war on coal. #coalkeepsthelightaon
"In 2003, a Nebraska state trooper stopped Emiliano Gonzolez for speeding on Interstate 80 and found $124,700 inside a cooler on the back seat of the rented Ford Taurus he was driving. Gonzolez said the money was intended to buy a refrigerated truck for a produce business, but the cops figured all that cash must have something to do with illegal drugs. Although there was not much evidence to support that theory, under federal forfeiture law the government managed to keep Gonzolez's money based on little more than a hunch. A bill introduced last week by Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., would make that sort of highway robbery harder to pull off."  READ: http://townhall.com/columnists/jacobsullum/2014/07/30/rand-pauls-theft-protection-plan-the-kentucky-senators-forfeiture-reform-bill-would-limit-the-governments-license-to-steal-n1871745
In case you missed it- Last night, Sen. Booker and I appeared on PBS News Hour to discuss criminal justice reforms such as our bipartisan legislation, the REDEEM Act.   Watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytWfR4nyGrw
I was honored to meet with Staff Sergeant Zach Herrick. Zach's folks live in Ottawa and he is a wounded warrior finishing up his recovery from wounds sustained in Afghanistan. I will stand beside him as he transitions to civilian life. He has had a long and difficult rehabilitation, and his strength is an example to his generation. Thank you Zach for your service and sacrifice.
Rubio, Colleagues Introduce Legislation Curbing Sexual Assaults On Campuses (Video in English & Español): http://1.usa.gov/WNieI7   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today joined a bipartisan group of senators to introduce new legislation taking aim at sexual assaults on college and university campuses by protecting and empowering students, and strengthening accountability and transparency for institutions — including establishing stiff penalties for non-compliance with the legislation’s new standards for training, data and best practices.    In addition to Rubio, the Campus Safety and Accountability Act was announced by cosponsors Claire McCaskill (D-MO), Dean Heller (R-NV), Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), Chuck Grassley (R-IA), Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY), Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) and Mark Warner (D-VA). The legislation comes amid troubling reports of cases of sexual violence at colleges and universities, and is intended to confront a scourge of sexual violence against students, as available statistics show that approximately 19 percent of undergraduate women have been the victims of sexual assault. Because many crimes are not reported, that number could be substantially higher.  ... 
Thanks to all those who came out and joined Senator Rubio at this morning’s constituent coffee!
Rubio: Administration’s Visa Sanctions On Maduro Regime A Welcome First Step, But More Needed: http://1.usa.gov/1s35Ej5  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio, the Republican sponsor of the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014, today welcomed the Obama Administration’s announcement that it will impose travel-related visa bans on Maduro regime officials involved in serious human rights violations against peaceful demonstrators in Venezuela. The announcement comes on the heels of Rubio’s recent calls to action on July 9 and July 24, urging the President to impose visa sanctions and asset freezes on the Maduro regime.   “The U.S. government should use every tool at our disposal to hold the Maduro regime accountable for its human rights violations,” said Rubio. “The Obama Administration has taken an important first step by announcing visa bans that would restrict the travel of human rights violators and their families to the U.S. This action should be followed up with asset freezes as well.   “The House has passed a Venezuela bill, and the sanctions bill I’ve introduced with Senators Menendez and Nelson remains the most comprehensive plan that exists in the Senate to punish human rights violators and support the democratic aspirations of the Venezuelan people,” added Rubio. “I’m pleased the administration has heeded my calls to take initial action. I hope the Senate soon passes legislation that deals with the situation in Venezuela in a more complete manner, and I will continue pressing the administration to do more.”   During a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing in May, Rubio listed at least 23 Maduro regime officials that the Obama Administration should target for sanctions due to their involvement in human rights abuses against the Venezuelan people. 
NA
NA
The Wall Street Journal reports today that the President’s plan to issue 5-6 million work permits to illegal immigrants and visa overstays may be announced right after Labor Day weekend. Sen. Sessions has urged members of the public to contact their lawmakers and ask to know where they stand on the issue of protecting the American worker and Constitution from the President’s unlawful amnesty actions. Yesterday, Sen. Sessions stated:   “After years of falling wages and rising joblessness, American workers are pleading for someone to hear them. How can it be that our President is brazenly advertising that he will nullify and strip away American workers’ immigration protections, and their own elected leaders will not rise to their defense? Or to the defense of our laws and our Constitutional order?”
Mr. Mac Whitlock, a  Charleston Vietnam War veteran, shares a memory from his time in the service.   Come join me this Saturday at 10 am at the First Baptist Church of Columbia, South Carolina, for a special ceremony to honor our Vietnam War Era Veterans!  All who served and who wish to honor them are cordially invited. Vietnam War Era veterans will receive a pin and a certificate commemorating their service. RSVP or learn more at 844-820-0146 (toll free) or www.scott.senate.gov/veterans.
Just met with Holy Ghost Prep's AP Government class. Would you believe they asked me about Senate procedure? Sharp bunch!
PA has hosted more @USGA events than any other state.  Next up in September is the Mid Am at Saucon Valley and next year we welcome the #USWomensOpen in Lancaster.   
Hey #TSA, let’s make it easier for WWII #HonorFlight #vets to travel to their national memorial.  #GreatestGeneration http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1403
Today, I voted against a partisan bill offered by Senate Democrats to allow the Obama Administration to spend $2.7 billion on the growing border crisis. The legislation, S. 2648, does not include a single policy reform. In its current form, this bill will do nothing to stem the tide of the tens of thousands of unaccompanied minors crossing our southern border. We cannot afford to simply throw $2.7 billion at a problem demanding real reform. Giving the President a blank check with no strings attached does not resolve this issue.
Last night, I voted in favor of a short-term highway funding bill that would ensure that critical transportation and infrastructure projects remain funded while Congress works to pass a long-term strategic plan.
