At a Senate Commerce subcommittee hearing today, Senator Ayotte raised concerns about the impact of federal regulations on New Hampshire’s fishing industry, which has been driven to near extinction by drastic reductions to the Gulf of Maine cod quota.
Even the White House is wondering when Senate Democrats will take up the bipartisan student loan bill. #DontDoubleMyRate   Click like if you’re ready for a permanent solution.
If you missed our discussion with KASU's Mark Smith this morning you can listen to it here.
You can hear me on KASU at about 8:15 central. We'll be talking with Mark Smith about some of the latest issues and debates underway in Washington. You can listen live at the link below.
News Release: Colorado Senator Michael Bennet and I have secured a measure in the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Appropriations Bill to help prioritize wildfire mitigation efforts.  Last week, we urged the Subcommittee to push FEMA to use a greater share of its mitigation funding to prevent catastrophic wildfires.  In the letter to the subcommittee’s chair and ranking member, we  shared concerns about inadequate funding and recommended FEMA develop a report detailing its wildfire mitigation efforts and funding obstacles for current programs as a first step.  Last year, more than 1,000 wild land fires burned more than 1.6 million acres in Idaho alone and we are already seeing a number of fires this season.  I applaud the work of the Appropriations Committee and thank them for making wildfire mitigation a top priority.  This bill will provide FEMA the resources to help our western states mitigate for the devastating wildfire season even before it starts.
Today, the office is hosting a retirement lunch for one of my mail room staff, Chas Grant. Chas has been on my staff for 14 years and worked for three other Senators. I am grateful for Chas and his long service to Idahoans. #idpol 
Look who popped by Senator Collins' Washington office to say hi today!  WVOM's Ric Tyler, his wife Elizabeth, and their great children, Ian and Colin.
VIDEO: Cornyn: Obama Policies, Not Speeches Damage Our Economy:
The Hill: Cornyn Blames Obama for Creating a 'Generation Debt:'
I support a bipartisn, market-based student loan plan that will lower rates for approx. 650,000 Texas students.
Free Beacon: Cornyn, House GOP Says Senate Immigration Reform Soft on Border Security
Cornyn: House Should Pass Smart Border Security Reforms:
WATCH LIVE: Testifying on border security before the House Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security:
A great privilege to join the Tea Party Legislative Forum this afternoon.   It is time to defund Obamacare now, and under no circumstance will I vote for any continuing resolution that funds one penny of it.
A great honor to join the Christians United for Israel Washington Summit as we stand unwavering in support of Israel and her leaders.
A large majority of my colleagues voted today to proceed to a transportation, housing and urban development funding bill that would cost taxpayers $2 billion more than the president requested and $10 billion more than what the House is proposing.  I voted against it.  We’re not going to make progress on getting our deficit under control unless we set limits and stick to them.  I hope the bill looks better at the end than it does at its beginning on the Senate floor.
It’s a shame that the majority in the Senate has isolated senators and stifled debate by severely cutting the committee roles. This also is very helpful to any president who wants the federal government to do more, but for people to know less about it.
I'm having bfast w 10 law student clerks of judiciary comm
w 10 law clerks of my judiciary comm
Pres Obama Jesse Jackson Al Sharpton.  Watch first ten min of O Reilly when it reruns in two hrs  he puts a real challenge to u
Spoke at a Banking Committee hearing today about ways to bring certainty to Nevada homeowners. Watch: http://bit.ly/1bKkXGs
Thanks for stopping by the office this morning! #rrlegday
Saddened to learn LVMPD and Nevada lost a hero. Thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of officer David Vanbuskirk.
Thanks Governor Brian Sandoval for supporting the Mortgage Forgiveness Tax Relief Act.  
 Cc: Debbie Stabenow 
 http://1.usa.gov/1dSu9FF
Patrick Lin of Fargo is visiting Washington, D.C. to participate in the National Symphony Orchestra's Summer Music Institute. This program offers students from across the country a great chance to advance their musical skills. http://www.kennedy-center.org/nso/nsoed/smi/
Today another EPA Official confirmed there is no proof that hydraulic fracturing leads to groundwater contamination. Despite aggressive attempts by the EPA and the high hopes of environmentalists to condemn the practice, no one is able to provide a concrete case linking the two, which made answering my questions even easier. Watch the exchange here: http://bit.ly/15GuFUg
ICYMI check out my newsletter on fighting gangs, reducing gas prices, cutting government waste, & more.  Share and comment below.
An internship on Capitol Hill is an excellent way for college students to learn first hand how the legislative branch of the federal government operates. Applications for my fall internship program are due August 19th. Apply today: 
 
 http://1.usa.gov/15Nq7NS
The coalition to block and defund ObamaCare is growing.  Share this to keep up the momentum:
I recently went on Mark Levin's show to explain why Republicans in Congress should only vote for a continuing resolution to fund the government that eliminates funding for ObamaCare.  The president has already moved to temporarily protect businesses from the damaging effects of this law.  The number of Republicans in Congress that recognize that all Americans need to be protected from this law is growing.  Please share this if you agree that since the President has admitted that he can't follow his law, then Congress shouldn't fund it.
Wheat harvest is a special time of year across the state, but even as it winds down, we know Kansas farmers work hard year-round to put food on our tables and keep the shirts on our backs. To celebrate our farmers and all they do, I encourage you to watch this video that captures the long days and hard work through the poem,“Wheat Harvest,” by Marjorie Maydew Bell of Smith Center. Thank you to all the farmers, farm families and everyone who helped to make it a safe and productive wheat harvest.
Alaska knows that America needs Eielson.  It's an issue of our national security, the efficient utilization of resources and avoiding needless negative impacts to both Fairbanks and Anchorage.  Today, I testified before the Commission on the Structure of the Air Force and told them they should do their homework before putting a proposal out in public. The Air Force has set off a panic in Interior Alaska through its announcement that Eielson will be downsized in a cost-cutting move that will cost $5 million extra in the first year alone. In Fairbanks, we’re already seeing real estate values sink, businesses have deferred new investments, and teachers are uncertain how long they will have their jobs. Existing mortgages, including those held by airmen, are underwater. And this proposal is being pursued at the same time the Pentagon is thinking about adding operations and missions to Eielson?  To me, it’s just common sense to keep Eielson’s F-16s at Eielson AFB.
It’s National Hotdog Day, and although I am in DC, today I am savoring the taste memory of M.A.’s Gourmet Dogs on 4th Ave.  These delicious dogs are part of my family’s Iditarod tradition and a must for anyone in Downtown Anchorage on these gorgeous summer days!
Today, I visited the famed Giant Corpse flower at the United States Botanic Garden Conservatory with a group of my DC interns and staff.  I've got to say, it was pretty amazing to see- and it didn’t even smell too bad while we were there.  You can see a live webcam of the flower here: http://www.usbg.gov/return-titan And, be glad we haven’t developed smell-o-vision yet!
Per The Washington Post, Senate Democrats are "slowing" student loan vote. We have a bipartisan bill that can be voted on NOW.
Just introduced an amendment to ensure bridge funding in the Appropriations bill goes to “functionally obsolete” bridges like Brent Spence in Cincinnati.
It was an honor to meet and congratulate the University of Louisville Cardinals, winners of the 2013 NCAA Men's Basketball Championship
According to the DoD, 50 percent of victims in our military admitted that they did not report crimes because they believed nothing would be done with their report. This represents a failure to defend the rights of alleged victims — many of whom we call upon to defend this nation.  We must protect and defend those who protect and defend us.    Read my entire op-ed here:http://www.courier-journal.com/article/20130723/OPINION04/307230030/Rand-Paul-Changes-needed-military-handling-sex-assault
It was great to be joined by Lee Greenwood for a great performance of God Bless the USA at Senator Bob Dole's 90th today.
So proud to be the MC at the great Senator Bob Dole's birthday party in the Capitol today. Happy birthday Bob. 
It was an honor to be at Fort Riley yesterday for the memorial services for General Dick Seitz.  General Seitz was an American icon, a real life John Wayne.  His sacrifices and leadership for our country will not soon be forgotten.  Thank you for your service General Seitz. Rest in peace my friend.   http://www.wibw.com/home/headlines/War-Hero--Fixture-In-Community-Laid-To-Rest-At-Fort-Riley-216519111.html
On Friday, Senator Rubio discussed burdensome ObamaCare policies at an Orlando business roundtable. Watch a recap here: http://youtu.be/CtdRNzYylPE
In Labor Committee hearing now, I'll be questioning the President's NLRB nominees. Watch here: http://www.help.senate.gov/hearings/hearing/?id=169b019b-5056-a032-529b-881d2a8a9b11&autoplay=true
We're honoring our Korean War era #veterans this Saturday in Spartanburg and North Charleston. You can read about some of these amazing heroes at the link below, and RSVP at www.scott.senate.gov/veterans. #southcarolina  http://www.goupstate.com/article/20130722/ARTICLES/307221012?p=1&tc=pg
2/3 of accounting professionals surveyed say the president's health care law will make hiring unlikely:
Read my op-ed in today's Washington Times regarding efforts to find a solution to Moscow's ban on adoption of Russian children by American families.
