Most Americans oppose the Senate Democrats' proposal to raise the debt limit without implementing real spending reforms. I agree. The federal debt stands at almost $17 trillion today. Washington needs to get serious about reining in out-of-control spending.
More than once during yesterday’s White House meeting, President Obama talked about things that Republicans should try to get done ‘in the regular process,’ rather than at times when the government must act during a crisis. As I've expressed to the president and others in the administration, there's no regular process because the Senate has failed to pass appropriations bills. The president’s refusal to negotiate is not the way to lead. Hopefully yesterday’s meeting will be the start of the president and Congress getting America’s work done.
I just voted against moving forward on legislation to increase the nation’s $16.7 trillion debt ceiling for one year without any commitment to spending reductions or structural reforms. Allowing debt to continue accumulating unchecked on our nation’s credit card ignores the reality of America’s dire financial state. With our national debt currently sitting at over $16.7 trillion dollars and the federal government borrowing $40,000 per second, we cannot afford another short-term Band-Aid. Any increase in the debt limit must be tied to substantive reforms that address the drivers of our debt.
The Washington Post reports on Senator Collins' effort to end the shutdown
CBS News reports on Senator Collins' effort to end the government shutdown
Cornyn: No Clean Debt Limit Increase
Blank check "clean" $1T debt hike denied by Senate.
Big vote in a.m. on Obama's request for blank check for "clean" debt ceiling increase.  No way.
Senator Corker today voted against the motion to proceed to S. 1569, the Senate debt ceiling bill.  “The bill we considered today would have raised the debt ceiling for more than a year without implementing the spending restraints Congress needs to force us to deal with our fiscal issues, so I couldn’t support it..." Read more: http://1.usa.gov/GWu9KN
The media doesn’t have to send out a national search party to find someone who has bought an iPhone. #ObamacareIsNotAniPhone
The Senate majority sought to add the equivalent of about $3,000 in debt to every man, woman and child over the next year without taking any steps to lessen future spending.  My colleagues and I on my side of the aisle voted against it.  The House has sent more than a dozen bills to the Senate that would fund government, but the majority leader refuses to let us vote.  We can fund government and pay our bills, but we need to do it responsibly.
This govt shutdown and debt limit debate is taking everybody to the"cliff"  Surely every one knows the law of gravity  Pray for WISDOM
Today, I was glad to hear the the House named Farm Bill conferees—a step in the right direction for Farm Bill negotiations and providing farmers and ranchers with the certainty they deserve.
Voted NO on raising debt ceiling without addressing spending problem. Need to both prevent a debt limit crisis today & debt crisis tomorrow.
Was on with Fox News today discussing the debt limit negotiations, the government shutdown and my call for Secretary Sebelius to resign in light of the dreadful Obamacare exchange launch.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Retoneb2n4M&feature=youtu.be
Joining Fox News to discuss my call for Secretary Sebelius to resign.
In case you missed it, here's my speech to the Value Voters Summit this morning http://youtu.be/AQheV4Ib2lc
