Yesterday, Senator Alexander introduced an amendment that would prohibit the Obama administration from implementing its proposed restrictions on interstate commerce of legal ivory, including products containing legal ivory, such as musical instruments and firearms. Alexander’s amendment would prevent “Washington overreach from treating Tennessee musicians, families and small businesses like illegal ivory smugglers.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=54893f66-0944-44f6-845d-9ddba01a3328&ContentType_id=778be7e0-0d5a-42b2-9352-09ed63cc4d66&Group_id=80d87631-7c25-4340-a97a-72cccdd8a658
Yesterday Senator Ayotte welcomed the Meditz family of Brentwood, the Rossetti family of Manchester and the Vinson family of Derry to Capitol Hill.
I spoke on the floor today about the EPA’s proposed water rule, which would give the EPA authority over thousands of streams, creeks, wetlands, ponds and ditches nationwide. Missourians continue to raise very real questions and concerns about this massive land grab – concerns that EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy has referred to as “silly” and “ludicrous.” I’m glad to cosponsor Senator Barrasso’s bill to stop the #EPA’s takeover of water and property rights.
Missouri homeowners, small business owners, families, and farmers are rightly concerned about the EPA’s proposed water rule, which is another blatant overreach into Americans’ private lives and property by the Obama administration. While I’m pleased to see Gina McCarthy visiting Missouri this week, my advice to her is to spend as much time listening to Missourians as she does talking, and she might very well find out that Missourians’ concerns about the expansion of the law are broad-based and genuine. #EPA 
A number of members of President Obama’s own party are attempting to shift the focus from the president’s flawed health care law. #ObamaCare
Corolla wild horses do not exist anywhere else in the world – it’s up to us to protect them. http://1.usa.gov/1r8B6ew
The Corolla wild horses are one of the many natural treasures of our state, and people travel from across North Carolina and the country to witness these wild horses in their natural habitat.  I am proud to introduce this amendment that will provide for the care and management of these wild-roaming horses and give local organizations and authorities the tools they need to manage these horses without excessive federal involvement.  We have waited far too long for action on this issue, so I hope Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) will finally allow a vote on my amendment --protecting the Corolla horses is important to sportsmen and all who love wildlife. 
Environmental concerns are important but we can protect our beaches without banning people from visiting them. http://1.usa.gov/1n4q0BZ
We are getting lots of calls, emails and posts asking what Congress is doing to address the thousands of unaccompanied children from Central America that have been illegally entering our country by crossing the U.S.-Mexico border. The President has essentially asked for a blank check. We must respond by using the power of the purse to stipulate specific reforms be tied to this funding and move forward in a responsible manner. I wrote at length about what reforms I intend to push for in the piece linked below.  
Follow me on Instagram to get a firsthand look of what we're doing, including last week's activities in Arkansas.
We are making it more convenient to reach our office. My staff will host two mobile office events in Mississippi County today so you can get the help you need. We'll be in Blytheville from 10 a.m. to noon and Osceola from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m. Learn more about these events at the link below.
Special day for me and Marsha, as we welcomed our 10th grandchild today. We're grateful for this blessing and my emotions were as strong as with the birth of our first grandchild. 
Op-Ed: Federal spending remains so excessive that our nation has retained a dangerously high deficit despite record revenues from increased taxes.   A true solution requires broad fiscal policy reform that includes fixing our broken tax code by simplifying the code and lowering the rates for all individuals, families and businesses; reducing federal spending; stabilizing entitlement programs; and enforcing budget controls to stop Congress and the President from spending beyond our means.  These improvements will result in economic and job growth, thus more competitive American business and increased revenue.  These are the reforms our nation needs. Learn more here:http://goo.gl/HK4B45 
Welcome to Washington, YMCA of Southern Maine!  Campers and staff are in the nation’s capital this week to participate in the YMCA's Teen Leadership Program and stopped by Senator Collins' office.
Happening now: Senator Collins participating in a round table discussion on strengthening Medicare for future generations.  Watch here: 
The Stinneford Family from Cumberland took a tour of the U.S. Capitol today - and the tour was led by our summer intern, Michaela, who is also from Cumberland!
Senators Collins and Jeanne Shaheen have introduced an amendment to expand access to national parks, such as Acadia, for disabled veterans.  This bipartisan bill would give all disabled veterans lifetime National Parks pass for hunting, fishing and recreation.
Cornyn on Fox News: President is "Tone Deaf" 
Mr. President, if you're really interested in solving the border crisis, then stop holding border security hostage for amnesty!
Hope you'll tune in to The Kelly File at 8 pm CT tonight on Fox News!
This is a humanitarian crisis of the President's own making. Stop holding border security hostage for amnesty!
President Obama is in Texas collecting money for Democrats rather than confronting the humanitarian crisis on the border created by his policies. 
A sad state of affairs when a President has time to attend fundraisers in Texas, but not to address his Administration's humanitarian crisis on the border.
The federal government will only stem the flow of unaccompanied minors to the United States when their parents see us sending them right back. This legislation gives the administration the flexibility that it has requested so it can begin to do just that.
Joined John McCain, John Cornyn and Senator Ted Cruz on the #Senate floor today to discuss how to end the surge of unaccompanied minors crossing the border illegally, and why Barack Obama's $3.7 billion proposal sends the wrong message. Watch below:
Will be in the #CenterSeat on Special Report with Bret Baier to discuss how to end the surge of unaccompanied minors crossing the border illegally, and why Barack Obama's $3.7 billion proposal sends the wrong message. The shows airs in Arizona from 3-4 pm. Here's a preview: 
On-air now with 104.1 KQTH's Jon Justice Show to discuss solutions to end the surge of illegal #immigration from Central America and why Barack Obama's $3.7 billion proposal sends the wrong message. Listen at http://www.1041kqth.com/listen-live/
I joined PBS NewsHour's Gwen Ifill last night to discuss how to end the surge of unaccompanied minors crossing the border illegally, and why Barack Obama's $3.7 billion proposal sends the wrong message.
Live now with News/Talk 92.3 KTAR's The Bruce St. James Show to talk solutions to end the surge of illegal #immigration from Central America. Listen at http://player.liquidcompass.net/KTARFM 
Congress ought to go cold turkey on smoked pork #primecuts
Senator Grassley was inducted into the Civil Air Patrol Legislative Squadron today by Col. Mike Mouw of the the Iowa Wing of the Civil Air Patrol.
I applaud the Department of Defense (DOD) and Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for coming to an agreement on a 25-year-old rule that the DOD recently decided to start enforcing to the detriment of a program supporting Oklahoma’s local fire departments and their ability to fight wildfires. This quick resolution would not have been possible without the rapid criticism from many Members of Congress and the coordinated effort with Governor Fallin’s office. Today the agencies decided to extend the national security exemption for this vital program on the grounds that the vehicles' titles remain under DOD after being repurposed in order to ensure the vehicles are eventually destroyed. This new agreement will create more red tape for our local fire departments by requiring the roughly 17,000 pieces of surplus equipment around the state to now be tracked and returned once they are no longer in use. This is the best short term answer to maintain the program with the DOD, and I will be working with my colleagues to address the unnecessary regulation created by the agreement. Since Thursday, I have been in contact with both agencies about this issue and I appreciate their responsiveness to my staff and me on the urgent matter. http://newsok.com/article/4987107
President Obama’s failed policies and campaign tactics have driven the unprecedented flow of unaccompanied minors across the southern border. In response, he has turned to our military bases, like Ft. Sill in Oklahoma, for help with housing these children. The President's failure to visit the border during his trip to Texas today disrespects our military and their limited resources he is calling up to manage a crisis he created. Likewise, it is a snub to the thousands of border agents, local officials and vulnerable children caught in the crosshairs. President Obama should put his political fundraising on hold, accept the appropriate leadership role of a president and personally witness this crisis that is leaving young children in the hands of human traffickers and threatening the security of our nation.
Here are our #AdventuresInDairyland Instagram contest winners! Congratulations, and thank you to everyone who participated.
Earlier this morning Senator Johnson appeared on CNN Newsroom to discuss the #immigration crisis at the border. You can watch here.
Senator Johnson is having a telephone town hall this Thursday at 12 p.m. Central Time. If you are interested in participating, email your name, phone number and city to: rjohnsonpress@ronjohnson.senate.gov.
At least 67 whistleblowers say their supervisors retaliated. It's time for the #VA to stop the coverup & end the culture of corruption. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/07/09/whistleblowers-tell-lawmakers-there-is-culture-retaliation-at-va/
New evidence of #VA officials stonewalling investigations and staging cover-ups mirrors what whistleblowers in Illinois have told me. Hines VA Director Joan Ricard, and every other VA official who has condoned the culture of corruption and intimidation, should be fired immediately.
You are invited to attend my July tele-townhall tonight at 7:00 p.m. MT.  If you click the link below, you can find more information on how to sign up if you haven't done so already.  You will also find a list of some of the notable issues that could be a topic of tonight's discussion.  I also look forward to having a dialogue about any of the other issues you would like to discuss.
Wheat harvest is a special time of year in Kansas. It is a time when families and communities come together for a common purpose. Even through difficult times like the current drought, Kansas farmers work year-round to feed and clothe Kansans, people across the country and individuals around the globe. This video captures Kansas farmers' long, hard days and features a poem entitled “Wheat Harvest,” by Marjorie Maydew Bell of Smith Center. Thanks to all farmers and farm families who are making this year’s harvest safe and productive.
Today, Senator Roberts joined me in introducing an amendment to the Bipartisan Sportsmen’s Act of 2014. The amendment would prohibit the U.S. Department of Agriculture and U.S. Department of the Interior from altering any land management practices based on the listing of the Lesser Prairie Chicken as a threatened species.  As conservation efforts for the Lesser Prairie Chicken are considered, farmers and ranchers deserve the flexibility to implement plans that fit their operations. I am committed to making certain the measures implemented are based on sound science and common sense, as well as represent the best interest of producers. We will continue to do what we can to resolve the problem and avoid thwarting industries vital to our state’s economy.
Yesterday, I joined my colleagues in the Kansas Congressional Delegation in calling for a commonsense solution to make certain rural fire departments in Kansas and across the country continue to have access to excess federal property including trucks, generators, pumps and engine parts. Today, I received word from the Defense Logistics Agency that "the restriction on the release of equipment including military trucks has been rescinded." This decision will let Kansas fire departments continue to utilize excess equipment to save lives and protect property.
I love this story: the Alaska village of Bethel just got its first movie theater in over thirty years last weekend.  Happy viewing!
Today I spoke about the Sportsmen’s Act that I introduced.  Sportsmen’s issues have historically been very bipartisan and non-political, but I’m very worried that this bill is getting tangled in partisan Senate procedure.  Unless we agree to an open amendment process – where we take votes instead of hiding from them – we are unlikely to make any further progress on it.   
Today marks 87 years since Alaska’s state flag was first flown in public, over the designer 13-year old Benny Benson’s home in Seward. The blue represents the sky and the Forget-Me-Not flower, the North Star symbolizes the bright future of Alaska, and the dipper is for the Great Bear – representing strength. Alaskans like to show off the eight stars of gold on a field of blue at every chance, so make sure to proudly fly your flag today!
Sen. Booker and I are speaking with Politico's Mike Allen about the REDEEM Act. Watch live here: http://www.politico.com/livestream/
Can't make it to tonight's #PlaybookCocktails event w/ Sen. Cory Booker and me? Watch LIVE HERE at 5:00pm ET:  http://www.politico.com/livestream/#.U72WbyuU8r0.twitter … via @POLITICO
Hey Senator Bob Corker and Senator Menendez, I'm waiting.... #StandwithIsraelAct.  READ: http://www.paul.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1193
Today's MUST-READ via Forbes: "Cops Use Traffic Stops To Seize Millions From Drivers Never Charged With A Crime"  http://www.forbes.com/sites/instituteforjustice/2014/03/12/cops-use-traffic-stops-to-seize-millions-from-drivers-never-charged-with-a-crime/
It looks like the administration is at it again – and this time the President’s regulations could endanger the lives of rural Americans.  http://1.usa.gov/1jeDro0
Today Jerry Moran and I introduced an amendment to the Bipartisan Sportsmen’s Act of 2014 to protect farmers and ranchers, who are suffering from the effects of drought, from the Obama Administration's attempts to force them to change their operations and land management due to the listing of the Lesser Prairie Chicken. http://goo.gl/r6KjJf
Rubio Urges Obama To Fill Vacant Post For Ambassador For International Religious Freedom: http://1.usa.gov/1qkqKGW  “Across the globe, religious minorities are being persecuted for exercising their right to practice their faith. A clear recent example was the case of Meriam Yahia Ibrahim Ishag, a Sudanese woman who was sentenced to death for refusing to renounce her Christian faith. Although she is no longer in detention, her case remains bogged down in the Sudanese court system,” wrote Rubio. “The United States needs a senior government official who promotes religious freedom to intervene in Meriam’s case as well as others like it.    “The natural choice would be the position of Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom but that post has been vacant for over 9 months now,” added Rubio. “In order to display the United States’ dedication to religious freedom, we must have an Ambassador-at-Large in place to lead our efforts to protect and promote religious freedom.” 
Rubio To Obama: Punish Human Rights Violators In Venezuela: http://1.usa.gov/1r8mcoA  “Three months ago, the Senate unanimously passed a resolution urging you to impose targeted sanctions, including visa bans and asset freezes, against officials involved in this ongoing repression. I have been working with Senators Menendez and Nelson on legislation that would impose such sanctions immediately,” wrote Rubio. “I intend to seek Senate passage of this bill in the coming weeks, a version of which the House of Representatives has already passed, to ensure that Congress continues to send a strong message to the Maduro regime.   “I urge you to heed these bipartisan calls from Congress and take action immediately. You already have the ability to begin to make life more difficult for those involved in brutal human rights abuses and corruption,” added Rubio. “By preventing these individuals and their families from traveling to and investing in the United States, you can make clear that those who violate the Venezuelan people's fundamental freedoms will pay a significant price.” 
NA
Great meeting with Alzheimer's Association- Greater PA Chapter last week. I'm asking the National Institutes of Health (NIH) what it will take for us to effectively combat this tragic disease. #ENDALZ 
I appreciate Ms. Krause's willingness to serve on the federal bench and look forward to having her sworn in soon!
Fighting human trafficking within our borders will not completely eradicate the problem, which affects some 21 million people worldwide. We can, however, serve as a model for other countries to follow and better protect those here at home.
NA
I will be speaking on the Senate floor at approximately 10:10a CT to discuss my new #EndTrafficking bill. You can watch my speech LIVE by clicking on the link below.
