Sen. Alexander today announced that his legislation designating three sites of the World War II-era Manhattan Project, including sites at Oak Ridge, as a National Historical Park has passed the U.S. House of Representatives.  Alexander said, “The Manhattan Project is one of the most significant events in American history, and this legislation will protect and preserve these sites, including those at Oak Ridge, and designate them as a national historical park,” said Alexander. “Oak Ridge continues to serve as a global resource for scientific discovery, and this national historical park will provide the opportunity to learn about the significance of the Manhattan Project and how it continues to shape our history.”  For more on this story, check out Oak Ridge Today’s article HERE: http://oakridgetoday.com/2014/12/04/u-s-house-passes-manhattan-project-park-bill-includes-oak-ridge/
Senator Ayotte's statement on the passing of retired NH Supreme Court Justice Sherman Horton, Jr.:   “I am deeply saddened by the passing of Justice Horton, who was a dear friend and mentor to me.  I had the privilege of clerking for Justice Horton, and I will always be grateful that he gave me my first job after finishing law school and taught me the importance of serving the people of New Hampshire.  I had deep admiration for Justice Horton’s keen legal mind, his New Hampshire common sense, and his wonderful sense of humor.  As a Navy veteran and later as a state Supreme Court justice, he served our state and our country with integrity and distinction, and he will long be remembered for his dedication to the legal profession and to the pursuit of justice.  My thoughts and prayers are with his family at this difficult time.”
Took to the Senate floor today with Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) to highlight the Manufacturing Skills Act, bipartisan legislation we introduced to help cities and states build 21st century manufacturing training programs. Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1669
Joined Citizens for Responsible Energy Solutions on Capitol Hill this morning to talk about our nation's energy future. When it comes to energy development, we can protect our environment while also protecting jobs.  #energywakeup
Had a great press call with Senator Casey and Down Syndrome advocate Sara Wolff today. Sara shared some of her story and why the ABLE Act is so important to her future. Senator Casey and I talked a little about the ABLE Act and the process for getting it where it is today. Looking forward to the Senate vote on ABLE next week. #passtheABLEact
Earlier this week, after significant effort, we ensured that my legislation on Hatteras ORV access will finally get a vote in the House and Senate. Federal restrictions on beach access have hurt North Carolina and local businesses along the Cape Hatteras National Seashore for years – it has done damage to our local communities and our local economy. We must ensure that North Carolinians and tourists from around the country have access to North Carolina’s scenic treasures. I have been pushing this legislation for years and am excited that we will soon be sending it to the President’s desk.
I am pleased to tell you all that the House overwhelmingly passed the ABLE Act, a bill I introduced with Senator Bob Casey, last evening. Families of individuals with disabilities often face overwhelming financial burdens associated with the expensive costs of healthcare, education, housing and transportation. The ABLE Act will make it easier for parents of disabled individuals to invest in their child’s future, thereby opening the door to a world of opportunities. I am confident the Senate will swiftly pass the ABLE Act. #passtheABLEact
The House passed legislation that includes Boozman/Donnelly language to build a national memorial to commemorate the service and sacrifice of veterans who served in Operations Desert Storm and Desert Shield. Now I'm working to push this though the Senate. Share to show your support for these veterans.
It's great to see Arkansas businesses leading efforts to hire veterans.
"In fact, it is increasingly clear that the sweeping magnitude of Mr. Obama’s order is unprecedented."
Cornyn: Divided Government Presents Opportunities:
Enjoyed welcoming Alaskan Senator-Elect Dan Sullivan to Washington this morning:
Good seeing McKinney Mayor Brian Loughmiller in Washington this week:
NA
It’s encouraging to see the Purple Heart legislation that Sen. John Cornyn and I sponsored in the Senate being considered in the House. Nidal Hasan’s attack on Fort Hood was not workplace violence. It was a terrorist attack. Our troops that were victims of that attack deserve to be made eligible for the Purple Heart and their families deserve the appropriate military benefits. This designation is long overdue.  http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/fort-hood-victims-set-to-receive-purple-hearts-combat-status/article/2556950
This week I answer your questions on President Obama’s executive amnesty of illegal immigrants and the EPA’s most expensive regulation yet, which could cost our country trillions of dollars and millions of jobs. Click the link below to learn more in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video.
The Senate shouldn’t give consent to a Social Security Administration nominee while a potential investigation for serious misuse of funding and related matters is pending.
On trade, the President may move beyond his own party and work with the GOP. It's a good sign.
Senator Grassley and Andreah Moyer of West Des Moines have worked together to help improve options for grandchildren to live with their grandparents.  Read more here:
In honor of National Miners Day, I want to thank all of our miners that provide for our state and the country. Mining is a crucial industry to Nevada, providing more than 60,000 jobs and producing over $200 million in tax revenue and nearly $10 billion in economic activity annually.  This work is invaluable, as it contributes greatly to powering our nation and providing necessary resources.
#TBT to the 1974 Oklahoma governor’s race between David Boren and myself. Hard to believe it was 40 years ago. Thank you to Chris Casteel and The Oklahoman for digging through history for the details of this great story, and the even better photos to go along with it. http://newsok.com/david-boren-jim-inhofe-still-shaping-oklahomas-future/article/5371411
The National Defense bill not only supports our men and women in uniform by ensuring they have the protection and equipment needed to safely carry out the missions asked of them, but it also ensures that our Armed Services have the capabilities to meet, defeat and deter hostile action against the United States. This year's NDAA supports the modernization and maintenance of critical equipment platforms, to include airframes, weapons systems, ships, submarines and missile defense systems that are in use around the world.
On this day in 1818, #Illinois became our nation's 21st state. 196 years later, our state's agriculture, energy and transportation industries make it an economic powerhouse at the crossroads of the nation.  Join me in wishing Illinois a happy birthday!
I appreciate all the hard work done by my interns. You can learn more about becoming an intern for my office at lee.senate.gov.
This afternoon, President Obama signed my legislation with Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins into law. The law will delay Medicare’s enforcement of unreasonable and inflexible direct supervision rules for outpatient therapy services at Critical Access Hospitals and other small, rural hospitals in 2014. Making certain Kansans have access to quality health care remains one of my top priorities in Congress. Passage of this law is a positive development, and I plan to reintroduce legislation in the new Congress to address this issue on a permanent basis. Thanks to Congresswoman Jenkins for her extraordinary efforts on this legislation in the House of Representatives.
This morning I had the opportunity to meet Adrienne Cox, an impressive young woman and Topeka High School student who helped develop the coding for this year’s Kansas State Christmas tree decoration in front of the White House. Adrienne and other Topeka High students were part of a national Google project called Made with Code intended to recruit girls into coding, a field that many computer experts and educators – as well as Senators like myself – are hoping more female students will consider. She is in Washington, D.C., along with her teacher Anne Hageman (right), to see their coding in action at tonight at the National Christmas Tree Lighting. Congratulations to Adrienne and her classmates on a job well done!
I’d just like to take a second to brag about a few of my staffers. Today Major Matthew Altman graduated from the Air Force Legislative Fellowship program and Mari Freitag and Jason Huffnagle graduated from the Capitol Hill Air Command and Staff College program. I am so proud of them and am thankful for their hard work in my office and commitment to service in so many ways!
The National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) introduced by House and Senate leaders today include some key priorities for Alaska and the nation's defense that I've been working on: an affirmation for F-35s at Eielson and considerations for more missions there, expansion for our ground based missile defense efforts, and a green-light for an Alaskan long distance radar project.  Alaska's a key tactical location for the U.S. defense, and am happy Congress sees the worth of continuing to invest in our state.
The most important responsibility of a legislator is to vote on whether or not we send our young men & women to war. READ, 'LIKE' and 'SHARE' if you agree: http://blogs.rollcall.com/wgdb/rand-paul-isis-senate-committee/ …
Earlier this week, we visited the U.S. Botanic Garden to view their spectacular holiday display. The display includes replicas of the U.S. Capitol and other national landmarks made entirely from plant parts by Applied Imagination of Alexandria, KY.  Check out their award-winning designs here: http://www.appliedimagination.biz/#welcome
It was a pleasure to visit with America's Heartland Advisory Board at the American Farm Bureau Federation this morning. They have great programming that shares the story of rural communities and promotes American agriculture.
A bi-partisan two year tax extenders agreement was recently killed by President Obama's short-sighted and overtly partisan veto threat.  Because of President Obama’s ‘my way or the highway’ approach to leadership, Congress is forced, once again, to cobble together a one year tax policy patch that no one wants. This hurts families, job creators, farmers and ranchers, teachers and everyone who needs to plan ahead to succeed. Kansas and America deserve better.
Kansas can add another hero to the ranks of those that have fought and sacrificed for our nation: Chief Petty Officer Justin A. Wilson, native to Beloit, Kansas received the Navy Cross aboard Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton for the heroic actions he displayed while supporting Operation Enduring Freedom, Sept. 28, 2011.   Semper Fi Justin. Thank you for your courage and valor.  http://www.marines.mil/News/NewsDisplay/tabid/3258/Article/555161/navy-cross-presented-to-marsoc-special-amphibious-reconnaissance-corpsman.aspx
In case you missed it, the national debt has grown $7.3 trillion during the Obama Administration. It is now $18 trillion and growing. With a new Republican majority in the Congress, I look forward to working on real reductions in government spending and will continue to fight for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution.   http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/12/03/federal-debt-exceeds-18-trillion-sparking-criticism-on-spending-under-obama/
I was pleased to congratulate my friend, Kansas State Rep. Travis Couture-Lovelady (R-Palco) for being elected to serve as the Republican Caucus Chairman.
NA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9s7PmiIPvEU
It was a pleasure seeing South Carolinians in Washington today at my Palmetto Wednesday meeting! Planning to be in DC?  Learn more here! http://www.scott.senate.gov/blog/palmetto-wednesdays
The Woodland Avenue VA Medical Center is one step closer to being renamed after Corporal Michael Crescenz - #Philly's only Medal of Honor recipient from the Vietnam War. This is great news!
I am proud to announce that the name of #Philly’s own ‘Michael Crescenz’ may soon be above the door at the Woodlawn Avenue VA Medical Center. Last night, my bill passed the Senate unanimously and we are a step closer to renaming the facility after Philadelphia’s only Medal of Honor recipient of the Vietnam War era. I hope you will read more about Corporal Crescenz’s heroism: http://bit.ly/crescenz #MedalofHonor
I applaud House passage of the “National Defense Authorization Act” (NDAA).  For the past 52 years, NDAA has served as a blueprint for America’s defense and national security interests, ensuring that our troops have the resources they need to fulfill their mission. Support for this legislation has had a longstanding history of broad bipartisan consensus, which the House demonstrated quite clearly today.
